TABLE OF CONTENTS
- The Mandate of Unity | John M. Poole | Page 4
- The Sound of a Heart | Donald Gray Barnhouse | Page 9
- Thou Shall Not Steal | Derek Prince | Page 12
- We Stand Together | Orville Swindoll | Page 16
- The Wealth in My World | Robert Johnson | Page 18
- Winter Meditation | John Wright Follette | Page 20
- Bible Study | [author not listed] | Page 23
- One City, One Church | James T. Hamann | Page 24
- New Wine Forum | [Spiritual Unity topic] | Page 28
(note: Letters to the Editor section appears on page 2; Editorial appears on page 3; Reader Service/subscription material appears on page 3)
END TABLE OF CONTENTS

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: The Mandate of Unity
AUTHOR: John M. Poole
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 02-1974
DATE: February 1974
CATEGORIES: church, Christian living, kingdom, leadership, spiritual warfare
CATEGORY REASONING: This article teaches biblical principles about unity in the body of Christ as a mandate from God, using scriptural foundation and theological reasoning about how unity operates spiritually and practically in Christian community.

CONTENT:

The Mandate of Unity
by John M. Poole

With a great deal of embarrassment, I admit that it is only within the last few years that I have taken the subject of the unity of the body of Christ seriously. During the early years of my Christian life it posed no problem to me. The Christians among whom I grew up conveyed to me the distinct impression that WE WERE the body of Christ. The unity that Christ prayed for so fervently would come about when those from the "other folds" would see the light and join our fellowship. The question of, "what will eventually happen to other apparent believers?" was usually answered by some vague reference to the differences of rewards in heaven.

No one can ever convince me of the fact that spiritual barrenness is not used of God to accomplish His purposes. It was during such a time of dryness that my parents began to pray earnestly that God would reveal Himself to them in a new way. As is so often the case, the answer came in a manner that was totally unexpected. The Lord had begun to move "outside the camp." People with whom we had previously had no fellowship were experiencing a refreshing from the Lord, and the cry of thirsty hearts was being answered. During a time of deep searching, the Holy Spirit began to deal with my father regarding the differences between the position that he held regarding the body of Christ, and the truth of the Bible. The matter of the unity of the Spirit had been up until that time a doctrine to defend — now it started to become a blessing to experience.

The blessing brought with it accompanying problems. I have since learned that this is always the case. We had to face such questions (very weighty ones for us) as:

Is it possible for people who go to movie to be truly born again?
Can God fill with the Holy Spirit women who wear make-up?
Is it true that there are charismatic Episcopalians who drink? All of these things boggled our pentecostal minds, but we continued firmly on. We had a deep conviction that if we exercised tolerance with these people, we could bring them around and help them see the light.

In the fall of 1963 my father died and full pastoral responsibility became mine. With great zeal and high hopes I endeavored to make new contacts with ministers in our area and enjoy a fuller fellowship with them. My attempts failed miserably. Everyone was busy with the programs of their own denominations; the needs of their churches demanding so much of the time that it seemed impossible to get together. Disappointed and very insecure I retreated more deeply into our own local fellowship, certain that we were the only real hope that Philadelphia had for renewal.

FELLOWSHIP OF THE DOCTRINES

I became convinced that the only true path to revival led from the foundation of pure doctrine; and so, we began to lay again the foundation, insisting that unless you had been obedient to the gospel as interpreted by us, your position in the body of Christ was suspect. I was still open to outside groups, and accepted freely speaking invitations, always looking for an opportunity to impart to them the way of God more perfectly. If I had not been for His intervention, I should soon have found myself back where we had begun, stating again like Elijah, "Only we are left . . . We are God's true remnant."

But oh, how faithful God is! The voice of the Lord began to come to me with great clarity. He declared to me that the most important thing to do was to find out what He was doing, and to start to learn how to work with it. I was to stop trying to get Him to bless my ideas, and learn to co-operate with Him. By the preining of the Word, through contacts with other of God's people, I gradually came to see — *the most important thing that God is doing in the church today is the bringing together of His people.*

He made it clear to me that the day of division was going to come to an end. No longer was I to speak in a disparaging manner about other Christians. No longer would He tolerate my pride and feelings of spiritual superiority. My jokes and stories about other groups did not amuse Him. He called for repentance and public apology. I was brought face to face with the fact that the highest truth revealed to us in the Word of God regarding the church of the Lord Jesus Christ is that IT IS ONE! Everything else must be subservient to that fact.

What a difference in life and ministry my response to God in that area has made! I could not, and would not, go back to my former attitudes. The freedom that is now mine, the openness that I have to all of God's people, the enrichment that I have received from people of differing backgrounds and traditions, have all contributed toward the growth and development of my life as an individual and the ministry that the Lord has given to me. Out of the things that I learned since that time, let me share what I believe God is saying regarding the unity of the Spirit.

REAL UNITY

In John 17:20–23 Jesus is praying for the disciples that were with Him and for those that would believe on Him through their witness. Jesus' prayer is: "that they may all be one; even as Thou, Father, are in me, and I in Thee, they also may be in Us . . . that they may be one, just as We are one . . . ." It was at this crucial point that I used to lapse into thoughts about the mystical unity of the body of Christ. Recognizing that, one day when we all get to heaven, this would be true, I was relieved of any burden to see it fulfilled here in time. It all seemed very unreal – all believers were somehow one, but that unity seemed to have little bearing on our present relationship to one another.

Slowly, my eyes began to be opened. What kind of unity exists in the Godhead? It is not unreal, mystical. It is authentic, genuine, and powerful. It is a unity based on *life, light, and love.*

LIFE

The Scripture reveals that God is Life. All life that ever has been, now is, or ever will be found, is now finding, and will find its source in Him. He is the creator and sustainer of all things. Those of us who are believers are now called to share this life and manifest it to the world.

"He that hath the Son hath life" (I John 5:12).
"We know that we have passed out of death into life" (I John 3:14).
"God has given unto us eternal life" (I John 5:11).

Praise the Lord, we share a common life. All who are in Christ, regardless of other points of difference share this testimony, "I have found Him who is the resurrection and the life, and through faith in His Name, I, too now live."

The unity that we possess in Christ is not organizational. I was comfortable with that; it is not creedal, although creeds are important; it is not based on similarity of modes of worship; it is based on sharing a common life. We are those who present ourselves to Him as alive from the dead. We have laid aside the grave clothes and come out of the tomb in response to the call of Him who said, "Come forth!"

LIGHT AND LOVE

Secondly, God is Light, and in Him is no darkness at all. This speaks to us of the new kingdom in which we now live. We have come out of the kingdom of darkness with its tyranny and fear, and have been placed into the kingdom of light. We are those who are endeavoring to learn to walk in the light. We have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty and have responded to the call to bring to the light all the things that we formerly would not expose to anyone. All who have come to the light are our fellow-citizens in His kingdom.

God is Love. The unity that there is between the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit is indissoluble because of love, self-giving, self-sacrificing love. Are we not commanded by Jesus to live with all fellow Christians in that environment? I used to read the scripture this way: "This is my *suggestion* that you love one another." At least, my style of living bore witness to that kind of interpretation. But, we have no choice in the matter. It is the clear declaration of the Head, "Love one another."

"The one who does not love does not know God, for God is love" (I John 4:8).
"And everyone who loves is born of God and knows God" (I John 4:7).
"If someone says I love God and hates his brother, he is a liar . . . and this is the commandment we have from Him, that the one who loves God should love his brother also" (I John 4:20). God is not appealing to my emotions but to my will. The love of God is shed broad in hearts of those who are His; now let that love flow, unreservedly, fully, without hindrances.

Love must be manifested. Love means action. The body of Christ in the area where I live must be reached out to with open arms. I must make contact with them, pray with them, rejoice with them, weep with them.

This unity then is not just heavenly, mystical, other-worldly; but real, authentic, genuine, powerful, and strong. I must face the question of a divided church. I cannot ignore Christ's commands. The cry of the heart of Jesus must become mine. In Ephesians 4:3 we are called by Paul "to preserve the unity of the Spirit." Several things become evident by studying this imperative. First of all, we become aware of the fact that the unity of the Spirit is not something that we are called upon to produce. It is already in existence. We must *recognize* it!

Recognition, not production is the question we must face.

PRESERVE THE UNITY

There is however, something that we *are* called upon to do. The Apostle tells us that we must keep or preserve this unity. Look at some other scriptures where this same word is used.

"I have kept the faith" (2 Tim. 4:7).
"Keep yourself free from sin" (I Thess. 5:22).
"Keep yourself unstained by the world" (James 1:27).

The Holy Spirit charges us that we are to be as concerned about the unity of the Spirit as we are in regard to keeping the faith, and our personal sanctification. Paul adds that we are to be diligent in this matter. This is not something that is to provoke our interest now and again. It is something that we must be doing continually. We are to make every effort, do our utmost, to see to it that the unity of the Spirit is maintained.

The enemy knows the power of a united church and has sought from the beginning to bring division. As long as we allow our present attitude to exist, we will never see in this generation the glory that God has promised. A quick review of some of the events recorded



BOOKS MENTIONED: None
ARTICLE END

ARTICLE START
TITLE: Keeping the Unity of the Spirit [continuation from previous batch]
AUTHOR: [Author attribution not provided in visible text]
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 02-1974
DATE: February 1974
CATEGORIES: church, discipleship, community, leadership
CATEGORY REASONING: The article provides sustained theological teaching on maintaining church unity through practical application of spiritual principles, with emphasis on local church leadership responsibilities and concrete methods for fostering fellowship across denominational lines.

CONTENT:

[Continued from previous batch]

PRACTICALS

Let me conclude with some very practical suggestions. First of all, if the unity of the Spirit is going to have any relevance on this earth it must have a local manifestation. The believers in a local area must be brought into some visible display of love and fellowship. Francis Schaeffer speaks of "The Church Before the Watching World." According to Jesus' own words, the world will never truly deal with the issue of His being the Sent One of God until it sees the church united. The question is how can this unity be obtained?

It is at this point that I believe God has given great responsibility to His shepherds. Perhaps more than we care to admit, division on a local level is of our making. Our petty jealousies, our fear of losing members, our deep seated prejudices, have created walls that keep our sheep in and theirs out. This situation can be changed in the following way:

**One:** If there is in your area a fellowship of concerned pastors who are willing to give top priority to the matter of praying together for the expression in the locality of the body of Christ, then join yourself to them. Let other things go. Change your schedule around, but get involved in that meeting. God is at work, this has top priority with Him. You will be amazed at what He will do. (If no such fellowship exists, contact one or two others and begin to pray together.)

**Two:** In the beginning set no goals other than prayer for the unity of the body of Christ in your area. Let the Spirit do the rest. Learn to wait upon Him, be sensitive to Him, follow His leading. To set up long-range goals too far in advance will scare away pastors before the Spirit has a chance to deal with them.

**Three:** Keep the group open. We will make a big mistake if we limit our prayer fellowship to those who are charismatic. This openness must be not only in word but in deed. There are many who see the need for renewal within the church who differ with us in regard to the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Invite them, welcome them, most important, listen to them. These men cannot be ignored. They must not be rejected, but rather entreated to come to the place of prevailing prayer.

**Four:** Do not attempt to follow the pattern of other cities or groups. Again, I emphasize, let the Spirit lead. He is building the church.

**Five:** Face differences of opinion honestly, but always with love and patience. Do not pretend that differences do not exist. But always remember, the truth must be spoken in love. Men may not always agree with what you say, but they can sense a loving spirit.

**Six:** Don't be concerned about numbers. It is better to see a small group of men knit together in the Lord, forming the core of a larger group that will surely come, than to try and complete the job in one month. Don't forget that Jesus started with twelve.

RESULTS!

Here are some things that you can expect to see happen:

**One:** A new love for the brethren. When you begin to move in obedience to Christ's command, you will find love that He has placed within your heart flowing in a richer way. He will honor the obedience that you have demonstrated.

**Two:** A growing appreciation for men of different traditions. Meeting with men face to face will change many of your attitudes. Men that you have mistrusted because of hearsay evidence will turn out to be very different from what you have been led to believe. It will soon become apparent that each tradition has a heritage from which the whole Body can draw strength and wisdom.

**Three:** A recognition of other ministries as gifts to the body of Christ. Instead of seeing other pastors as competitors, you will soon begin to view them as complementary ministries, given by the Ascended Lord to His church. You will view a living demonstration of the variety of gifts He has given.

**Four:** A new power in prayer. When men of God come together in prayer, there is an influence exerted that goes far beyond what any one of them can effect individually.

**Five:** A resultant effect on the sheep under your charge. As God works in your heart, it will mark your ministry. The openness that God will produce in you, the desire for unity will begin to be felt in your local congregation. They will begin to come out of their ghetto mentality and begin to see the body of Christ.

**Six:** A greater and more effective work of the Spirit in the whole area. God will honor the steps that have been taken and the Spirit will move in the whole area in a new way. Cities that have been strongholds of the powers of darkness must break under the power of united prayer. The moving of the Spirit will be diverse, in keeping with the revelation of the Word. Do not try to regiment Him, but rather enjoy the variety of His gifts.

**Seven:** Times of testing and sifting. It is impossible to mature and grow in any relationship without this. The enemy will attack. He will try to open old wounds and hurts. Personality conflicts, denominational differences, new ideas versus old, will be used by him to try and frustrate what God is doing. Resist Him! He is defeated! Christ is Lord and King! He must reign until His enemies be made His footstool! He has promised that He will build His church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. Listen to the words of the Apostle Paul as he writes to the Philippians concerning this subject:

"If then our common life in Christ yields anything to stir the heart, any loving consolation, any sharing of the Spirit, any warmth of affection or compassion, fill up my cup of happiness by thinking and feeling alike, with the same love for one another, the same turn of mind, and a common care for unity. Rivalry and personal vanity should have no place among you, but you should humbly reckon others better than yourselves. You must look to each other's interest and not merely to your own (Philippians 2:1–4, NEB)."

BOOKS MENTIONED: None

ARTICLE END

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: The Sound of a Heart
AUTHOR: Donald Gray Barnhouse [noted in sidebar: "The late Dr. Barnhouse was for many years pastor of the Tenth Presbyterian Church in Philadelphia. He was world-renowned as a conference speaker, author and editor of Eternity Magazine."]
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 02-1974
DATE: February 1974
CATEGORIES: church, Christian living, discipleship, community
CATEGORY REASONING: This article provides theological teaching on the nature and essence of the Church through the contrast between organization and organism, using biblical definitions and the metaphor of the heartbeat to explain why unity of life in Christ is more fundamental than doctrinal uniformity or structural organization.

CONTENT:

As we scan the stage of the history of God's dealings with man, we find the dominant theme of God calling out a people for Himself. In the Gospel of John, for instance, the word, *world*, is used seventy-nine times as it means the opposite of *believers*; and approximately one hundred times John used the term, *theos*, as opposed to the terms that refer to the believer. Jesus Christ puts the world on one side and the believers on the other side. This is extremely important if we are to understand anything about the true church of Jesus Christ.

The Greek word for church is *ekklesia*, which is a combination of two Greek words. The first is *ek*, which means "out of." If you have a tooth pulled then you understand the meaning of that little word. It is to be rooted out of one place and put in another. The second word is *kaleo*, which means "to call."

The *ekklesia*, then, are those who are "called out" of the world.

Nowhere does Scripture teach that Jesus Christ has flatly divided the destinies of men. As much as we may weep and wish it otherwise, the Scripture tells us that multitudes will go to the Lake of Fire without hope and without God. I could never pray, "God, save everybody in America . . . or, save everybody in Chicago." This cannot happen, for the Scripture tells us that God is *taking out a people for Himself* from the world.

The best definition of the Church given in the Bible that I know of is in Acts 15:14, where the Apostle James speaks to the brethren at the first council in Jerusalem. He says, "Simeon hath declared how God at the first did visit the Gentiles, to *take out a people for his name*." This is the one true Church! A people taken out for God's name.

ORGANISM OR ORGANIZATION

There are two aspects of what we call the "Church" which are illustrated with this little story:

Some years back I was listening to a radio program. It happened to be sponsored by a watch company which advertised its product as "The World's Most Honored Watch." The announcer told us that they were going to magnify the sound of their watch over a hundred times. He said, "If you held it next to your ears you could hardly hear it – but here it is magnified one hundred times." The sound came over the air *click, click, click, click*. "That," he said, "is the smooth running sound of the world's most honored watch."

I would have thought little else about it if an incident in the office of a famous Philadelphia physician had not called it to mind. As I was sitting in his office, I noticed hundreds of boxes of tape recordings on a shelf on the wall.

"Tom, what are these?" I asked.

"Of what?"

"Heartbeats."

Growing more interested, I probed further. "Tell me more."

"Well," he continued, "whenever a patient was on the ward with a heart condition, we used to have all the medical students and interns coming to listen to his heart. Of course, with someone coming in every fifteen minutes to listen to his heart, the poor patient had it hard. Now, to make it easier on the patients, we simply tape their heartbeats and anyone can listen at their convenience without bothering the patient.

"How would you like to hear a perfect heartbeat? This is the heartbeat of Bob Mathias who won the decathlon at the previous Olympics." An announcer told the date of the recording and who the heartbeat belonged to, and then I heard *lob-dub, lob-dub, lob-dub* . . . .

"Thank you, doctor," I said, "that gives me a great sermon illustration!"

You see, when Jesus was here He founded a *lob-dub, lob-dub, lob-dub* – that perfect heartbeat of a living organism. Man, however, founded a *ca-lick, ca-lick, ca-lick* – the mechanism of an organization.

About three hundred years after it started, the Constantinople headquarters of the *ca-lick, ca-lick, ca-lick* got into a squabble with the Rome headquarters of the *ca-lick, ca-lick, ca-lick* over who was going to run things. Rome said that the doctrine should be, "*ca-lick, ca-lick, ca-lick*"; while Constantinople said it should be "*lick, alick, alick*." It sounds the same once you get started, but they split up over it anyway.

A few hundred years later Luther came along and then you had a *click-clack, click-clack, click-clack, click-clack*, then came Calvin with *clack-click, clack-click*. Then you had the Norwegian, Swedish, and Danish *click-clack . . .* and the Swiss Reformed *clickety-click* . . . and the Scotch Presbyterians started the *clickity-click-clack . . .* and the Methodists began the *ClickIty-click*. Next along came the Civil War and everything split between North and South and now the church is a *click-clack-click-click-clickity-clack-clickity-clack-cluck-cluck*.

So much for denominations! Can you see how important the phrase – "one Church" is?

The true Church is *lob-dub, lob-dub, lob-dub* – a heart – not a recording of a mechanical contrivance. It doesn't make any difference what *clickity-click* or *clickity-click* you belong to – the important thing is whether or not you belong to the *lob-dub, lob-dub, lob-dub!* Are you alive in Christ? A Christian is one who has the life of Christ within him!

It is on this basis that there must be unity in the body of Christ. I say to you in the name of God Almighty, that the life of Christ is in you – that you have no right to be separated from *any other person in whom is the life of Christ*.

FELLOWSHIP IS A MUST

Personally, within the last half-dozen years I have come to the conclusion that if any man truly believes that Jesus Christ is Lord and the Savior of the world, then I must have fellowship with him. I have no grounds for being separated from him because I do not like him personally, or because I think he has some queer doctrines. As a matter of fact, some of my most beautiful and loved doctrines may be considered queer by some other people. We can each think that the other is all fouled up – but that is neither here nor there. It is most important, however, that we agree to disagree in the things that are *not essential*.

If you believe that Jesus Christ is the Lord God Almighty, and if you believe that He died on the cross, being wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities, then you are my brother and sister in Christ. We have the same life within us. We are *lob-dub, lob-dub-dub*. The Church is a living heart! This is what is important.

Some years ago I decided that I was going to try to find fellowship with everybody who was truly a believer in Jesus Christ. This revolutionized my life! I found myself on television for the National Council of Churches on one side, and I got mixed up with Seventh Day Adventists and Pentecostals on the other side. But I discovered that everywhere there are beautiful children of God whose hearts beat with mine. Getting down on our knees and praying together, we found that we were one in Christ – it does away with a particular *click-click or clickity-click*. Within the great body of Christ, and in the Living Word, there is a vast room for differences of expression on secondary matters.

Jesus told us that we were to love one another. I can promise you that if you try to love everybody who is born again, unfortunately, you are going to find some Christians who are going to give you a hard time about it. They say you have no right to associate with anybody who associates with those with whom I do not associate! That is second-degree separation, and it is as wrong as direct separation.

I have heard the phrase thrown around, "Come out from among them and be separate," applying it to different groups of Christians. If you are honest with that scripture, you will find that it was written to the Corinthian church and Paul was telling the believers to come out from among the temples of Jupiter and Venus, with their demon gods and thousands of prostitutes and sodomites. We have no right to take that phrase and say, "Well, my denomination has been raised up by God as a testimony to a particular truth, and we must keep it pure." That is a lie. God Almighty never called anybody to witness to one tiny little doctrine! I hear it all the time, "We Presbyterians believe . . . . Now the Baptist doctrine . . . Pentecostal truth . . ." It is all right to believe these things, but they never justify founding a new *clickity-clack* about. Nowhere in the Bible does God authorize us to be separated from any other member of the body of Christ because of doctrine.

If I am raised in California within fifty miles of the headquarters of the Seventh Day Adventists. I was taught as a boy that they had horns and hoofs and were outside God's people.

A few years back, however, a set of supernatural circumstances put me in touch with some of the leaders of the Seventh Day Adventists and when they came to my home we spent many hours in prayer together. Through that fellowship I found out that beyond any question they are as orthodox on the great fundamentals of the person and work of Christ as anybody in the world could be. Yet, because I have accepted these people as my brothers, some people have written little tracts about me because I said they were saved.

A man told me once, "Dr. Barnhouse, you don't hate enough." I replied, "I would rather be convicted by God for loving too much than for hating too much!"

A few months ago some of my associates and I went out to Springfield, Missouri, and spent two and a half days praying and talking with the leaders of the Assemblies of God – the Pentecostals. As a result of that time, I am going back to hold a week of meetings and preach in some of the greatest of their churches. Do you know what I found out about the Pentecostals? Total disagreement on about 2% of our doctrine – absolute agreement on 95% to 98% – about 3% you could call "shaded." I am certainly willing to grant *anyone* 5% disagreement with me, and I can go a bit higher than that when they grant me the same thing. I think we need to understand that God did not call a people who thought exactly alike.

As a matter of fact, the Bible tells us that Christians can believe things that are diametrically opposed. Romans 14:5, "One man esteemeth one day above another, another esteemeth every day alike." The Seventh Day Adventists believe that Saturday is the Sabbath and must be kept. I believe Sunday is the Lord's day . . . Monday is the Lord's day . . . Tuesday is the Lord's day. I esteem every day alike. The Scripture makes allowances for different views and different interpretations. It behooves us, therefore, to be very humble before God and to realize the fact that we are answerable to Him, and not to each other. Sometimes I tremble when I read how people attack and criticize each other as believers. When we judge one another, we are taking the place of the Holy Spirit.

God has warned us that He will judge us if we separate the body of Christ. To separate one member of the body from another, we say, "God, move over – let me sit in judgment here. I have decided that this man does not meet all the forty-seven points of complete orthodoxy." Can you see that any man who criticizes another Christian is usurping the function of the throne of God?

THE DEADLY SALT

While we open our arms to our brothers, we must place a guard around our fellowship. Scripture tells us that we are the salt of the earth. Salt, as any high school chemistry student can tell you, is a compound – *sodium chloride*. If you were to separate sodium chloride into its two chemical components, *sodium* and *chloride*, you would find that they are two deadly poisons. A small amount of either one would bring a quick death. Yet, these two poisons combine to form the common commodity – salt – which is essential for life. Without salt, we would eventually die.

Like salt, Christianity is composed of two deadly poisons – *theology* and *ethics*. Together they give life, separate they kill. There are men who have theology, theology, theology and no ethics. They are faithful to the virgin birth, the deity of Christ and the atonement; but you could not trust them as far as you could throw a church. I have known orthodox Christians who sued each other at law for lying and cheating and stealing – for all theology and no ethics.

On the other hand, it is possible to have ethics without theology. Without theology men stand up and preach, "God is the Father of all men; we are all brothers. Do good and be kind, for God is Love." A man can say, "I love you," can be spoken by a man in a parked car who wants them only for the moment – or by someone who is willing to bring home the pay check for the next forty years. The language and vocabulary of the seducer and the honorable man in love are the same. The meaning of "God is Love" depends a great deal on who says it. From the lips of a Unitarian, it is alarming speaking; from the lips of Dwight L. Moody, it is the Holy Spirit. One is damnable and the other spiritual. We must learn to know the difference.

We are one Church. It is composed of multitudinous fractions or organizations; but it is the organism – the Life – that counts. Jesus stated it very simply, "By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples . . . if you abide in 3% denominations . . . . Can you see what we have done to Christianity? It is the One Church that the world must see as witness to our Resurrected Lord.

This article was taken from the message, "One Church," by Dr. Barnhouse.

BOOKS MENTIONED: None

ARTICLE END

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: Thou Shalt Not Steal
AUTHOR: Derek Prince
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 02-1974
DATE: February 1974
CATEGORIES: Christian living, ethics, leadership
CATEGORY REASONING: This article provides biblical and philosophical teaching on the commandment against stealing, examining its theological foundation, the relationship between doctrine and ethics, and what constitutes stealing in contemporary society—moving beyond mere definition to explore moral principles and spiritual implications.

CONTENT:

This commandment comes closer to home than most of us realize.

Most people in our Western world are familiar, in some measure at least, with the Ten Commandments, which were given by God, through Moses. These Ten Commandments are recorded in the Book of Exodus, Chapter 20, verses 1 through 17.

Of these ten commandments, the first four deal with man's relationship to God, and the last six deal with man's relationship to his fellow. Basically, we may say that the requirement stated by these commandments, in man's relationship to God, can be summed up in three words: reverence, worship, and obedience.

The last six commandments all deal with man's relationship to his fellows; and they are, briefly, as follows:

**First:** Honor thy father and thy mother.

**Second:** Thou shalt not kill [Or, in more modern English, murder].

**Third:** Thou shalt not commit adultery.

**Fourth:** Thou shalt not steal.

**Fifth:** Thou shalt not bear false witness [Or, in modern English, perjure thyself].

**Sixth:** Thou shalt not covet . . . anything that belongs to thy neighbor: his house, his wife, his servant, his beast, or any such thing.

It is important to remember that all of these commandments are given to man for his well being. They are not unreasonable or arbitrary requirements of God imposed upon man to test his willingness to do things that are without reason or purpose. Every one of these commandments has its root purpose in the well being of man. The six commandments that have to do with man's relationship to his fellow demand certain things which are basic to human life. They demand respect for life itself . . . for marriage, for the home, for property, for justice, and for truth. Common sense and experience alike confirm that where these requirements of God are set aside, the result is a breakdown of society. Ultimately, the end of setting aside these commandments leads to tyranny . . . the dominion of one man, or a small group, over the rest of their fellowmen, arbitrarily and without due justice.

In this list it is important to notice the place given to stealing. Stealing is placed in direct association with murder, adultery, and perjury. Any sensible person with any kind of moral values will acknowledge that murder, adultery, and perjury are extremely serious and evil things. Stealing is placed side by side with them. In other words, God evaluates stealing as an act as evil, as injurious, and as wrong as such things as murder, adultery, and perjury.

WHAT IS STEALING?

It is interesting to consider the definition given by the dictionary of the word, *to steal*: "To steal is to take



ARTICLE END

---

BOOKS IN THIS BATCH: None

ARTICLE START
TITLE: Stealing (continued from previous batch)
AUTHOR: Derek Prince
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 02-1974
DATE: February 1974
CATEGORIES: Christian living, kingdom
CATEGORY REASONING: This article provides sustained biblical teaching on why stealing is morally wrong from God's perspective, using scriptural evidence and practical examples to instruct believers on ethical living and God's standards of judgment.

CONTENT:

churchgoers and had quite high moral and religious standards, would never steal from a comrade in the Army, but would happily steal from the Army itself.

They would take rations, or equipment, or clothing, or items of value that they knew belonged to the Army, and not to themselves; yet they felt no sense of compunction or guilt about taking them, simply because it was not a person, or an individual, but it was a group . . . something large, and nameless, and unspecified, that did not seem to have much value or significance.

I heard of a man who worked for General Motors in a large factory in a certain city in North America. He was a good moral man, by most standards. He attended church. But he felt no sense of guilt about purloining from the place where he worked. He would regularly take items of equipment or other things which he would either sell at a low price, use for unofficial repairs, or in some way appropriate for his own purposes.

This man was a churchgoer. He professed to be a good man. He claimed to set a good standard. He probably gave respect to the Ten Commandments and acknowledged their moral value. Nevertheless, he was guilty, frequently, of stealing. Stealing not from a friend, or a neighbor, but from a large corporation, which happened in this case to be General Motors.

Such a man would go to church and would certainly express horror if any friend or neighbor came into his own home and deliberately stole something that belonged to him. He would classify that man as a thief. He would put him on a very low social and moral level and might even take legal action against such a man.

Is it not remarkable that this man could see that the person who came into his house and took something was stealing; yet he could not see that when he took things – unofficially, without permission, dishonestly, surreptitiously, by underhand means – from General Motors, that he was just as much stealing as that man who would walk into his home and take an item of his own property.

BLINDING RELIGION

It is remarkable, sometimes, how religion actually blinds people to the true nature of their own actions. In Romans, Chapter 2, the Apostle Paul is speaking (to people who claim to be religious, who claim to set the highest standard; and yet he says . . . and this is a verse that applies very, very directly to many people, today . . . in Romans, the 2nd chapter, the 21st verse: "Thou which teachest another, teachest thou not thyself? Thou that preachest a man should not steal, dost thou steal?"

You see, here is a religious person who preaches to others, claims to set a high standard, claims to know what is right and wrong, and yet he is caught stealing. There is no question that there are many such people in our society today, claiming to be moral, religious, respectable, employees of large corporations, or other institutions, or employees of the government, who regularly and habitually steal, and would be horrified to be called thieves, because their stealing is not from another individual, or a person, or a neighbor, but is from some group which does not seem to have personal identity.

Yet the fact remains that stealing is stealing, no matter from whom we may take the object stolen.

AS GOD SEES IT

In this connection, I want to point out certain important, simple facts which relate to stealing and all activities of this kind.

The first fact is that God sees us. We may be able to cover our actions from man, from our employer, from the corporation, from the law enforcement agencies, but there is one person who always sees everything that we do. That person is God. In Proverbs, Chapter 15, and verse 3, the Scripture says this: "The eyes of the Lord are in every place, beholding the evil and the good."

Remember that when you go to work, in the office, the factory, or some other place, the eyes of the Lord are there, watching what you do, whether it be evil, or whether it be good. You can cover up from man but you cannot cover up from God. And in the last resort, it is God that you will have to answer to, and not man.

THE JUDGMENT

Remember secondly that God judges both the bad and the good. In two epistles, Ephesians and Colossians, Paul writes specifically to employees, whom he calls servants.

In Ephesians, Chapter 6, and verse 8, he says: "Know ye whatsoever good thing that any man doeth, the same shall he receive of the Lord."

In Colossians 3:24, speaking likewise to employees, he says this: "He that doeth wrong shall receive for the wrong which he has done and there is no respect of persons."

When Paul says that there is no "respect of persons," he means that no one has a special privilege or favor with God that permits him to do things that God has prohibited.

The fact that you are a relied and trusted employee, a churchgoer, or a Sunday School teacher, or that you hold a place in the Rotary Club, or some similar position, does not mean that God evaluates your actions any differently from those people around you who may not go to church, or may not make a profession of religion, or whom you may consider to live on a much lower standard or moral scale. God judges that person and you just alike. If that person steals, he is a thief, and God will judge him as a thief; and if you steal, you are a thief, and God will judge you as a thief.

THE CURSE

The third fact is that God has placed a special curse upon those who practice two things: theft and perjury. This is stated in the Old Testament, in Zechariah 5:1 -4. God gave Zechariah a vision of a great scroll which was flying out across the face of the earth, and entering into certain homes. When Zechariah sought the meaning of this scroll, which observed had writing on both sides, this is the answer which he received from God:

This is the curse that goeth forth over the face of the whole earth. For every one that stealeth shall be cut off, as on this side, according to it; and every one that sweareth falsely [or, in modern English, perjures himself], shall be cut off, as on that side, according to it.

Notice how accurate the scripture is, because almost everybody who steals sooner or later will also be obliged to perjure himself.

For instance, if you are an employee of a firm that handles goods in transit, and you have to sign forms or consignment orders, or receipts of some kind, and you set aside some goods for your own purpose (You are in fact stealing them, as I have already said), the time will come when in order to cover up your theft, you will either have to perjure yourself in writing, or perjure yourself by word of mouth. Therefore, God has joined together these two crimes of theft and perjury, and united them under a single curse.

Speaking about this curse, which Zechariah saw in his vision, entering into one home after another, across the face of the earth, God told Zechariah this:

I will bring it forth [This is the curse – the scroll], saith the Lord of Hosts, and it shall enter into the house of the thief, and into the house of him that sweareth falsely [Or perjures himself] and it shall remain in the midst of his house, and shall consume it with the timber thereof and the stones thereof.

A curse may not be visible to the natural eye, but nevertheless it is very real. This may explain why things are not going right in your home.

You are earning a good salary. You are married and you have children. And yet, somehow, there is no real peace, no rest, no harmony. Maybe your children are disobedient, resentful, ful, rebellious. Maybe your finances just do not seem to cover you needs, although you are earning plenty.

Has it ever occurred to you that your home could be under the curse of God because you have been practicing theft, and then perjury to cover up your theft?

A dark shadow rests across many homes in modern America. It is the shadow of a curse – a curse that man cannot revoke or cancel by any act of his will. It is a curse upon every one that steals and every one that perjures himself.

Remember that the next time the temptation comes to you!

CLOSED GATES

The fourth thing I want to tell you is this: Heaven's gate is closed to thieves. The Bible says this very clearly. In the Sermon on the Mount, Jesus says that no thieves will ever enter heaven (Matthew 6:20).

Again in the first epistle to the Corinthians, Chapter 6, verses 9 and 10, the Apostle Paul tells us the same thing. Remember, too, that he is speaking to professing Christians. This is somewhat remarkable. Some people might imagine that it would not be necessary to tell churchgoers and religious people things such as this; but experience shows that many times it is religion that blinds people to the reality of their own actions.

Paul says to these people – professing Christians in the Church at Corinth:

Knew ye not [He has to remind them] that the unrighteous shall not inherit the Kingdom of God? Neither fornicators, nor adulterers, nor abusers of themselves with mankind [And, in modern English, that is homosexuals], nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, shall inherit the Kingdom of God.

Notice again the company in which thieves are placed – side by side with adulterers, homosexuals, and drunkards. Not very good company for a person who claims to live on a good moral standard, to pay his bills and to do his duty by society!

In spite of your claims, God says, very clearly, that if you continue to practice thievery, you will have Heaven's gate closed against you, just as surely as you would if you were an adulterer, a homosexual, or a drunkard.

Remember that the next time the temptation comes your way!

THE HARVEST

Finally, I want to point out that the end result of stealing is destructive to all concerned. God says in Galatians 6:7: "Whatsoever a man soweth, he shall also reap." You cannot sow one thing and reap another. You cannot sow dishonesty and stealing, and reap no benefit and blessing.

Furthermore, what we sow comes back to us multiplied many times over, when we reap. We are familiar with this law in the natural realm. Yet it is equally true in the moral and the spiritual realm. It is vividly expressed by the Prophet Hosea, in Chapter 8 and verse 7. Speaking of God's people at that time, he says: "They have sown the wind and they shall reap the whirlwind."

A wind may be strong and powerful, but a whirlwind, as we know, is many times stronger and more powerful and more destructive. If we sow evil, we shall reap destruction, abundantly.

This law of multiplied returns applies in the matter of stealing. You may practice stealing, individually, in private, and think that it has no real evil effect; but multiply that kind of action, across this nation, many thousands of times, and you have a result that affects the lives of all the people in this nation.

Persistent stealing brings certain obvious results. It sends up the price of living in various different ways.

For instance, it increases insurance costs . . . inevitably.

It increases law enforcement costs.

It increases general lawlessness.

Have you ever stopped to consider why we are confronted with such a measure of lawlessness in this country, today? Has it ever occurred to you that if you, on the quiet, in your own little corner, are practicing dishonesty and stealing, you bear a great share of blame for the total condition of lawlessness that exists in this country?

Lawlessness in turn inevitably leads to other things. In the end it endangers individual life and property, creating a situation where a man's property and even his life are no longer fully secure. That is why, in those ten commandments, God puts stealing so close to murder and covetousness. Because when we give way to one of these things, the others begin to appear . . . If not in our individual lives, then in the society all around us, and the total effect is felt by every member of society.

If we sow the wind, be very sure, in due course, we shall reap the whirlwind.

If some of these truths concerning stealing come close to your own life, I would like to suggest that you stop and consider what you have been doing. Evaluate your own actions. Try to be objective for a moment. Stand back and view yourself and the things you do, as if you were another person. If it really were another person, not yourself, would you approve? Would you endorse? Would you give consent? Or, would you condemn? And be angry? Remember that you would be condemning your own self.

It is time for many people in this nation to change their way of doing things. To change their sense of responsibility, to themselves, their families, their employers, and the community at large.

If things go on the way they have been going, the end result will be a breakdown of society, and a state of anarchy . . . and few, if any, will derive any benefit from this conclusion.

BOOKS MENTIONED: None

ARTICLE END

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: We Stand Together
SUBTITLE: What happened in the lives of a group of leaders in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
AUTHOR: Orville Swindoll
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 02-1974
DATE: February 1974
CATEGORIES: apostolic, church, community, leadership, revival
CATEGORY REASONING: This article teaches principles of Christian unity across denominational lines and describes how diverse church leaders implemented collaborative ministry structures and spiritual practices that transcended traditional divisions, offering instructional value on apostolic leadership and church unity.

CONTENT:

Some years ago in an article in Christianity Today Quaker philosopher Dr. Elton Trueblood referred to our age as the "post-denominational era." My own feeling is that he properly assessed in concise form one of the most vital things that the Spirit of God is bearing witness to in our time: the essential spiritual unity of God's people. We are one, not because we hold the same doctrinal views, but simply because we have a common experience of Christ.

It is inconceivable that God – who is One – should have any divine purpose in the gathering of His people into various different churches, except on the basis of geographical separation alone. My own observation is that, in spite of the greatly increased proliferation of Christian literature in our time, fewer and fewer authors even bother themselves to build up a defense for particular denominational positions or for the division of the saints for any other reason than that just mentioned.

I am not contending herewith for the destruction of the existing denominations, nor am I denying that Christians are divided in fact over many minor issues. I am simply stating that I see that the Spirit of God is dissolving these differences and working amongst multitudes of God's people a deep longing and desire to be together: to bear witness in actual practice to our oneness in Christ. The scope of the present article is simply to illustrate how this is happening in a small but significant way in Argentina.

In May, 1973, more than four hundred Christian pastors and leaders gathered in the province of Cordoba in the interior of Argentina for a spiritual retreat. More than forty came from Chile and an equal number from Paraguay, with around fifty from Brazil and several from Uruguay. The remainder – perhaps some 250 – were from various parts of Argentina. For five glorious days we enjoyed fellowship, worshipped God and heard timely ministry from the Word by anointed servants of the Lord from all these countries.

Among those present were Baptists, Episcopalians, Plymouth Brethren, Roman Catholics, Pentecostals, Mennonites, Methodists, Calvinists, Arminians, Premillennialists, Amillennialists, Fundamentalists, Ecumenists and what-have-you! Such love and grace, prayer and worship, flowed like a river that we were all made aware that we were part of the same family – the family of God.

Perhaps the most encouraging note about the retreat was that it was not an isolated event in the midst of a sea of contemporary independence or indifference. Rather, it was the natural and on-going expression of a spiritually and theologically dynamic movement in Latin America, based on the essential unity of the Church, whose goal is a visible and viable realization on the earth of this fact. Those of us in Argentina who have been involved in this developing awareness and close fellowship among the believers (and especially among the ministers) are conscious of a progression of events in recent years which has been gaining momentum and causes us to be conservatively optimistic about the future.

Early in 1967 a score of believers (mostly of Plymouth Brethren background) started meeting together every Monday night in the home of business executive and lay preacher, Albert Darling, to pray for spiritual awakening in the churches. Soon his large and lovely old home in the Belgrano district of Buenos Aires was bulging at the seams. By the end of that year an average of 120 to 150 people were coming to the meeting every week, crowding into every room and even standing on the front porch.

Several well-known and appreciated ministers in regular attendance, which encouraged other pastors and church leaders to come. About the middle of the same year ten or twelve of these began meeting together on Saturday mornings to pray together and discuss developments, the principal goal being to learn to move together in line with the work and witness of the Holy Spirit so evident in the Monday night gatherings.

Essentially, from the very beginning there has been a plural leadership, with no recognition of one man over another, but all working together with varied and individual gifts and abilities for the common good. Nor has there been any pressure among us that would oblige a man to break his relationship with other groups before he would be received into fellowship (the only exception would be if sinful sin were involved or some other disciplinary action).

In October of that year (1967) we had our first ministers' retreat with about thirty-five leaders present. Since then we have had one or two large pastors' retreats each year, which are attended by men (and occasionally their wives) from many parts of Argentina and from other Latin nations as well. For instance, in March, 1972, groups of Christian leaders came from Costa Rica, Colombia, Ecuador, Brazil, Paraguay, etc. In June of the same year our national ministers' retreat was attended by some two hundred.

For the ministers in the metropolitan area of Buenos Aires our times together are more frequent. Besides the weekly meetings for prayer and fellowship, we try to get together every two or three months for at least a couple of days and nights. We have found that these gatherings are vital to our spiritual growth as well as necessary for our various cooperative activities.

Normally, we will meet together without any fixed schedule or agenda. In fact, we never lack for subject matter or problems that can best be worked out together. But we seek to flow freely as we consider any matter at hand. And we have been amazed to see how stubborn problems are resolved as we get our hearts and our heads together before the Lord.

Our close and warm fellowship over the years has yielded another rich benefit which I think we hardly expected when we began meeting in 1967. It would seem that the Spirit of God has set His seal upon this unity and "commanded His blessing" – much as in Psalm 133 – for we have experienced real light and inspiration as the Lord has quickened His truth to us. Likewise, this forum of ministers from a broad spectrum of backgrounds and theological training has provided a security and a check on fanatical or extreme ideas or tendencies.

We have come to have great confidence in God's working and in His revelation of truth in this context. This in turn has provided us with a ground for real conviction and faith when we declare to others those things that have come to have significance among us. It is as though we can say: "It seemed good to the Holy Spirit and to us . . ."

However, all is not sugar and honey; we've not been without our problems. On occasion, strong-willed persons have sought to dominate the fellowship. Others have disdained its usefulness altogether, or have implied that such a broad base of fellowship which permits discrepancies and differences of opinion or practice among us, must be without spiritual vitality. Quite to the contrary, we have found that by recognizing what the Holy Spirit is doing in each other, instead of focusing on our points of disagreement, we are provided with a continuing ground of fellowship whereby the Lord is able to work out these differences in a context of love and mutual respect. By "sticking it out" together, our extreme individualism and selfishness is also being dealt with by the Lord, and this is certainly for the common good.

The intimacy of this relationship among the pastors has enabled us to learn of each other's needs also, in time to help morally, spiritually and materially. Thus we helped one brother buy a car which he sorely needed in an expanding ministry. Several others have been helped through real financial crises, and we are presently helping one pastor buy a home. Apart from this fellowship and mutual interdependence, such things might have been impossible.

Even in the matter of opportunities and invitations for itinerant ministries, we customarily "check it out" before accepting or travelling. Sometimes the matter is "NO", more often it is "YES," with a real confirmation and the sense that one is going forth with the backing of the Church and God's servants in Buenos Aires. All of this is especially significant when we are reminded that our backgrounds (and even present ecclesiastical affiliations) are so varied: Baptist, Pentecostal, Methodist, Plymouth Brethren, Christian and Missionary Alliance, Episcopalian, Mennonite, etc.

Two or three years ago this unity among us became so meaningful that we seriously considered merging several of the congregations in the capital city of Buenos Aires into one large congregation with plural leadership and a single meeting place. Although we are still open to such a possibility, after months of prayer and discussion we simply did not feel free in our spirits to proceed. Obviously, there are areas of understanding and practice that are yet changing and (continued on page 19)



BOOKS MENTIONED: None

ARTICLE END

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: The Wealth in My World
SUBTITLE: A prison world made beautiful through the eyes of Christ.
AUTHOR: Robert Johnson
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 02-1974
DATE: February 1974
CATEGORIES: Christian living, discipleship, healing, kingdom
CATEGORY REASONING: This testimonial-narrative article describes one man's personal spiritual transformation in prison but does not offer transferable theological teaching or principles designed to instruct readers. The content is structured primarily as a first-person account of personal experience rather than as systematic Christian instruction.

CONTENT:

[SKIPPED: Personal testimonial/spiritual autobiography — primarily narrative of the author's personal conversion and spiritual experience in prison rather than sustained theological teaching. While it contains spiritual content, the primary purpose is to recount what happened to the author, not to teach transferable biblical principles to readers.]

ARTICLE END

---

BOOKS IN THIS BATCH: None

ARTICLE START
TITLE: Winter Meditation
AUTHOR: John Wright Follette
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 02-1974
DATE: February 1974
CATEGORIES: Christian living, spiritual warfare, kingdom

CATEGORY REASONING: The article teaches the spiritual principle that the natural realm reflects spiritual realities and that Christians must learn to discern the spiritual dimension underlying natural phenomena. It instructs readers on how to interpret God's methods and develop spiritual understanding through contemplation of nature's patterns.

CONTENT:

The phase of Truth I wish to bring to you at this time is beautifully presented to us by way of a glimpse at nature's ever-interesting picture book. The open pages of this book of God's outdoors are always before us, continually presenting suggestive lessons and illustrations of Truth. The whole realm of nature, the great field of natural phenomena is the earliest and most primitive revelation of God to man. Since nature is inarticulate and in many ways so different in method of communication, many people never catch the music of her singing and fail to interpret her messages given in such commonplace fashion. To those who have understanding hearts and are more attuned to her moods and mystical overshadowing she becomes a holy sacrament of revelation and a subtle means of discerning God and His imminent touch upon us. Paul is so right in Romans 1:20, "For the invisible things of Him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even His eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse."

I wish to bring to you a couple of illustrations from close-by nature. These things I see from my window as with open heart I look at some of her handiwork. But first let me suggest a few scripture verses which may serve as a background and thought atmosphere for us to more easily hear and understand the rich and very needed Truth we too often forget or ignore. One may do so because the external presentation or illustration may not be too appealing or may even be painful. If that be the reaction in a heart, he has failed to look past the present natural, and loses the beauty and deep spiritual richness of Truth at which a more consecrated and receptive spirit marvels in awe and is fed and illuminated.

Let us remember that the whole structure of the spiritual life we are building, this new creation God is developing, this "conforming to the Image of the Son," rests upon and is under the power of very real, fixed laws and principles. They are laws and principles of the realm of spiritual Reality, into which we are born at spiritual birth, and are just as real, exacting and needed as those present in the natural world. If one is untaught or unfamiliar with this elementary Truth and its profound effect upon spiritual growth, one has a difficult time trying to live a life of any spiritual meaning or value. An article of this type is too limited to venture into that field. However, it is Truth sadly neglected and by many Christians not at all understood. Because it deals with spiritual matters, ideas, Truth and more or less abstract elements, it is sidestepped for more materialistic and natural features. Christians forget that the material side of the whole manifestation is but a reflection of the inner, invisible Reality. "Keep thy heart," the Psalmist says — not so much all the things you are doing — but the heart and seat of motivation, for out of that, the hidden invisible centre are all the acts, conduct and manifestations of the life and life born.

Here then, are a few good verses to keep in mind. John 3:6, "That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit." That sounds so very familiar and as a rule is restricted to the Truth that a man is by nature born of the flesh and in order to enter into spiritual fellowship with God, must be born again or born of the Spirit. That is very true but limited. Notice Jesus does not say "he that is born of the flesh is flesh," for that would restrict the Truth to personality. It is true concerning a person, but He is saying more. He does not say "he" but "that" or whatsoever. He is telling us about the two great known realms. A more correct word in the preceding verses would be "realm" or "kingdom." We are creatures of two worlds or realms, and have by the law of creation faculties to be adapted to both. They are both necessary and both a part of God's creation and purpose for us. So He says anything material, mental or otherwise, which has its inception and birth on the lower level of the natural is, and ever will be, natural, and that which is born of the Spirit springs its identity as such. There are two distinct realms and whatever springs from either source or field retains the nature, makes and features of the same. They cannot be substituted, neither can anything born in one field produce the results of the other. They both are the good and necessary and are God-given, to work in the great scheme of creation and all historical development. But they are to be understood and interpreted in their respective fields and functions.

So when nature, good, perfect and wholesome in her own right, tries to produce or effect a spiritual manifestation and fruitage it is simply out of our order and contrary to the basic principle of the fact and difference between the natural, human or soulish and that which is spiritual and an outflow of God and Spirit. This is a very hard lesson for Christians to learn. The fact that something is good, honest, true and even religious does not mean it is spiritual or of God. There is a vast difference between a thing being religious and being spiritual. I mean spiritual in the sense of being of God.

Here is another Truth falling into the same line of teaching. Paul also covered this spiritual fact. We trace it from Genesis to the end of the Bible. I Corinthians 15:46, "Howbeit that was not first which is spiritual, but that which is natural; and afterward that which is spiritual." Nature usually leaps to the natural concern. It is so often the agitated, restless, ambitious spirit of zeal, without a deeper spiritual knowledge, edge and understanding, which tries to produce the desired spiritual effects. Listen! If the matter or question is really born of the Spirit and is a thought or purpose of God, it must be carried out, executed, performed and manifested by the same spirit and power that gave it birth. How often we have seen this principle and sound spiritual Truth ignored and been deeply pained to see the results. Untaught, good, religious flesh undertakes to bring to pass or show to the world something that in God's way of thinking only His Spirit and His method of execution can ever produce, and see the results. We have a religious phenomena but NOT a spiritual work.

We have all found God so very, very patient and long-suffering, knowing how weak and untaught we are. Christians, preachers and good people may be well-versed in the Bible readings and teachings about service, programs, all the gifts and doctrine and yet come so short and be bleak and barren and not illuminated in the teaching concerning the realm of spiritual Reality. I mean spiritual illumination, understanding and insight in the matters and life of that vast realm of spirit, and the laws, principles, methods and technique God uses in that field. It all reflects and moves in all His doings and ways with the children of men. He is ever presenting bits of His thoughts and ways to us and tells us so clearly that they are not our thoughts and ways and ideas, but we forget this.

Here is another bit of Truth we should consider. ALL is of Grace. Man in the natural state has nothing to offer God but a sinful, broken life and heart. He has nothing, neither can he produce anything of spiritual value to bring to God. God must seek him, save him and fill him and pour His love into his poor, starved life — God's love shed abroad in his heart. So when it comes to offering service or worship, it has to be Spirit-born, a "Spiritual service," if it reaches God in any spiritual, acceptable form.

In the two illustrations I am giving of that of the trees and that of the goldenrod, we are not condemning them because they produce what they do naturally — the lovely leaf coverings and the delicate fronds of gold. These are right in their place and quite natural and really arresting in their beauty. So do not mistake me. God is back of all the beauty they present. We are not blaming them for the fact that they produce their beautiful, natural offerings, and could not produce "snow-offerings." As we use, "snow-offerings" were not the natural outcome of trees or of goldenrod, but were "born from above," as we might say. They were grown to them to offer. The trees and the goldenrod were only recipients of His grace and so had to receive from Him that which in turn will be acceptable to Him. They first offer all nature can give, then stand still and must be prepared and receptive to take from Him that which will be well pleasing in His sight.

How slow we are to learn these very necessary lessons. In the whole scheme of spiritual living how much of the natural, good, religious flesh is mixed up with what so many Christians call service and living. Still more difficult is the lesson and Truth we must learn — that one must not only die to sin and to the world, but to self, and still more difficult, to one's own service and ministry. So when God comes to brush away the leaves on the goldenrod, to make room and to prepare the heart for His heavenly, spiritual visitation, Christians, being untaught, are bewildered and frightened. When God deals with some concern with which is still natural, even though religious, and he went deeper, when wearing a soul from ministries, and service, so often they cannot interpret God's methods and think that they are "backslidden." Some think they have failed God and I hear them say they fear they have "lost the anointing." One must learn not to be governed by emotional reactions and moods. As long as there is no sin between you and God and you are, as far as you honestly know, surrendered and desire to do His will you need not fear. One may be fully surrendered and desire with the whole heart and soul to do God's will and yet emotionally feel dead or even heavy, as the poor stripped trees shorn of past beauty and manifestation. Do not fear, please do not try to gather up the gold God has so beautifully removed from your crown. Let God work. You need just love Him, trust Him and wait for Him.

Sometimes the past or present glory and satisfaction become great hindrances to the fuller moving of God in the heart and life of a Christian. Some are so frightened to "let go" of what they have for fear God may play a trick on them (a lack of faith) and they fear they will never have the glory, honor and life they used to have. No, no, God loves you, dear soul. He only takes away in order to give you something better. He never deceives a trusting heart. Some trees have stood so very long holding on to their leafy coverings, not really knowing the essential character and nature of the tree itself. The stripping, is it painful and one may indulge in much weeping and prayer. I would like to analyze those tears for you but not now! One must learn to let God move. He is more concerned about YOU — the hidden, spiritual ego, the YOU inside, than all the leaves and gold you have or ever will offer. YOU are of more value than anything you will ever do for Him. Let Him get at IT, YOU and bring you into a deeper, fuller and richer experience of spiritual being. If perchance He is dealing with you or is trying to do so, remember the snow offerings — so pure and white and heaven-made. Remember the swaying, naked stalk holding before Him a crown, a glorious offering the stalk could never make, but it can receive it and hold it before the Lord in deep love, silent adoration and triumphant self-giving and surrender.

With this Truth as an atmosphere in heart, let us now look at the illustrations. I woke up this morning in a new world. The snow had come so silently and gently through the night, and behold! the whole countryside was behold! the whole countryside was transformed fresh and new. The magic of the snow had wrought the miracle. My wondering heart is flooded and I am all alive to God's handiwork. He has just turned a fresh leaf in the old picture book of His revelation by way of the outdoors. What a delightful and wonderful picture it is! He is telling us the same eternal and lovely Truth given in His Word. He likes to reach us by any and every means and here the morning sermon is spread before us. A still, small voice is telling so much.

The grand old trees are majestic and impress me with a sense of awe and wonder. They are silent except when a wind sings through their branches. They hold up their thin, naked arms full of snow offerings. At last they have something to offer! So long they have stood all stripped of their own beauty and grace. Long ago they gave way to sun, rain and wind — all the forces of nature, backed by God, until all externally effected good and beauty were swept away. Only the essential tree was left. All the other offerings of leaves and even fruit were born of the tree of still deeper down — of the earth. Of course it was all that the poor dear trees had to offer and God did not blame them — only He wanted them to know it was born of the earth, and not what He had furnished.

So they yielded to His working and "let go." It was hard to stand stripped and have nothing left — just a dry, seemingly dead tree. But God's hour came and it came in the night. Isn't that suggestive? There must be a Calvary and the deep darkness of night. But there is always an Easter morning of miracle and divine illumination.

Now the tree is happy, and a deep, deep contentment fills all the inner life. No leaves flutter and move and shake to tell it — no, a thousand times no! The offering is from God. It came from heaven. It is the gift of His own loving heart — it is born of the Spirit. He created the gift, the offering. No earth, no tree could do this. Upon some heavenly anvil He hammered out the millions of snowstars — plain miracles — Calvary! He knows the mystery and the magic of the frost and gives us the snow offering and He is pleased. We can give only that which we have received! Look with me and enjoy this sermon.

Also, I am looking at the dry, forlorn goldenrod stalks. Not so long ago they were quite erect and proud, holding up their crowns of gold, real and honest gold as far as the goldenrod is concerned. All summer long they had worked so hard getting it together and shaping and forming it until they stood, a perfect show of wealth. "For they had great possessions," not sin, but gold — so coveted and sought. But they too had to learn. Why can't we learn and move on to God as simply as a flower? Stupid man and lovely flower!

At last the gold was scattered. Thank God it was so completely spilled that there was no recovery, no gathering it again — never could the stalk decorate itself. The gold returned to Mother Nature, the author and giver. It went back to the earth where it belonged. The lap of Mother Nature is the safe and only place to toss such gold and wealth. She sits upon the steps of her storehouse in autumn mood and all nature tosses into her lap the wealth of the summer's heat and toil. So with this gold — it came from the earth and must return again. Yes, it is ever so. But oh, this morning I see a peculiar bending and bowing of the stalk. It is not so stiff and sure. It so easily gives way to His breath — only a breath and it bows, now sways gracefully. It is no longer rigid and strong with the strength of its own power. No, not now — its burden has been lifted and with a light and joyous heart, emptied of the burden of self-confidence and strength, it responded to even the simple breath of God. And now it is crowned, but with His own gift, direct from heaven — the lovely, soft gentle miracle of His dying. I am very certain the gift is accepted, for the poor, dry stalk had nothing to do with it — it only surrendered and received.

BOOKS MENTIONED: None

ARTICLE END

---

[SKIPPED: Bible Study worksheet — "The Universal Church / The City Church" — fill-in-the-blank scripture lookup exercise with answer key, not sustained theological teaching]

---

BOOKS IN THIS BATCH: None

ARTICLE START
TITLE: One City One Church
AUTHOR: Jim Hamann
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 02-1974
DATE: February 1974
CATEGORIES: apostolic, church, community, discipleship, kingdom, leadership
CATEGORY REASONING: This article teaches biblical principles about church unity and the practical working out of koinonia (fellowship) across denominational lines. It uses a case study from Seattle to illustrate theological concepts about the nature of the church and apostolic patterns of unity in Christ.

CONTENT:

In this thrilling hour of renewal in the church, it is vital and significant to understand that much more is happening than merely the renewal of the gifts of the Spirit. One of the exciting things to see and understand is how the Holy Spirit is at work uniting the church today under the Lordship of Jesus Christ. It would be well to insert here that unity, of oneness, is by no means the ultimate in the purposes of God for His church, but only one of the many things that is happening during this outpouring of the Holy Spirit. Since this is our theme for consideration, let's view it in this perspective, as just one of the expressions of renewal going on today.

In the usage of such words as "exciting" and "thrilling," we are not just tossing around verbiage; for these past few years have been just that. The sovereign working of God in the city of Seattle has been a beautiful thing to behold.

A BEGINNING

In October, 1968, Dennis Bennett, rector of St. Luke's Episcopal Church; Jim Watt, then American Baptist, to be another adjustment in our coming together. They decided that our meetings should be more than inspirational. What we really needed was to come to grips with some of the issues about which the Holy Spirit was speaking to us. So, our monthly meetings expanded from 9:30 a.m. until 2:30 p.m. All of this time our numbers continued to grow, and more brethren began to identify with the leadership group.

If you were to visit one of our gatherings, you would find forty to fifty men from all backgrounds — Catholic, Episcopalian, Lutheran, Presbyterian, Methodist, Baptist, Nazarene, Disciples of Christ, Mission Covenant, Christian Reformed, classic Pentecostal, Jesus People, and others. The host for the day is the pastor or priest of the local congregation. We usually begin with singing and worship; then, there are brief introductions of guests or new brethren. Two or three then share on a given theme, followed by a very open and honest discussion on the theme of the day. No punchlines are pulled, but all is done in the framework of love. Then we enjoy fellowship as we eat our lunch, after announcements of plans for outreach or corporate activities are made.

It was during these times of honesty and frankness that God really began to give us direction. One of the most explosive truths that burst corporately in our hearts was the understanding that, from God's viewpoint, there is only one church in a city or locale. We discovered that Paul wrote to the church, singular at Corinth and, likewise, at Thessalonica; but to the churches, plural at Galatia because this was a territory that encompassed many local communities. Then, in Revelation, we saw as well that pattern distinctly spelled out by John as he writes to the church, singular, at Ephesus, Smyrna, Pergamos, etc. We realized that the word "churches" was never used in reference to a local community or city. So, this led to the conclusion in Seattle that though we were leaders of different groups with various denominational names, we were all members of one church. Moreover, we saw the plurality of leadership regarding eldership of one church in the city. So often when we speak of one church, we think of one meeting place or one building; but, again we realized that though there was but one church, there are many meeting places or expressions of the united church.

EXPERIENCING A CHANGE

This truth became more than just theology to us, and in a very real way it began to change our attitudes and practices in our relatedness to each other. Instead of jealousy and competitiveness, love and cooperation began to be expressed. People from a given area of a particular denomination were not encouraged to come and identify with our denominational box, but were told what God was doing in their own immediate area and encouraged to attend there. Also, we began to understand that though there were doctrinal differences, and still are, as we can genuinely and honestly relate to each other under the Lordship of Christ, adjustments would be brought about and love would produce a greater flowing together.

We must share that in the early days there was a great deal of fear and suspicion. All of us have heard stories and comments against various denominations or organizations. This, of course, has brought about prejudice which developed, consciously or unconsciously, in our lives. Through the years it became a very real factor in the framework of our life style. So, in this gathering of the brethren of different backgrounds, naturally the fears and uncertainties were there.

One day the Holy Spirit spoke to me from Acts 9:26,27. This is the story of Saul coming to Jerusalem after his Damascus road experience and wanting to identify with the church.

And when Saul was come to Jerusalem, he assayed to join himself to the disciples: but they were all afraid of him, and believed not that he was a disciple. But Barnabas took him to the apostles, and declared unto them how he had seen the Lord in the way, and that he had spoken to him, and how he had preached boldly at Damascus in the name of Jesus.

Fear and suspicion kept the Jerusalem church from accepting Saul initially. Likewise, today these are the very real things which divide us from other brethren. Because of a certain type of cleric garb or a strange set of theological terms, so often we reject others as brethren. If we do accept them as brethren, we may refuse to have meaningful fellowship with them. Thank God for the Barnabases who know of the way of the Spirit instead of that of the soul and are able to reach out in love and identify with other brethren. Barnabas took Saul in — not knowing what the results might be. He had been such a terrible persecutor of the early church, but Barnabas was willing to become vulnerable. Isn't it something how love makes us vulnerable to each other and brings about an openness and honesty in our relatedness to each other? Further, it is very evident that for Barnabas to receive Saul, he had to forgive him for all he had done to the church. This same principle is true today of fellowship, or real koininia is to be realized. We must know what it is to forgive each other for all we have done and said down through the years. Such forgiveness will result in the free flow of God's love.

A CITY UNITES

Early in 1971, our brethren felt strongly led of the Holy Spirit to invite some of the most significant Christian leaders engaged in mobile ministry in the nation for a time of sharing with us. The purpose was twofold: that we might have a greater understanding of what God is saying in regard to renewal today and that the mobile ministry might have a more unified expression of the will and purposes of God.

The conference, which was held in the early part of June, brought together about thirty men from various parts of the United States and Canada, plus our local brethren. The mobile ministers were housed in Seattle Pacific College where the day sessions were held. In the evenings, we had meetings in five different locales in the greater Seattle area. Now, for the first time, the people of our congregations were brought together.

The opening service in Seattle was indeed a historic occasion, for it was the first time in the city that a Catholic church had hosted a public charismatic meeting of that scope. Long before the service started, Blessed Sacrament overflowed with people from all denominations. (It was the first time some Protestants had ever been in a Catholic church.) Many people were turned away. Young people sat on the floor, around the altar, and in the aisles. There was an air of expectancy and enthusiasm in the crowd. What an inspiration to see Protestants and Catholics lifting their hands, singing, and praising God together as Father Joseph Fulton, senior priest of the church, led them in worship! Then came a powerful message by Bob Mumford, and the altars were open for ministry.

Thousands were in attendance nightly with the various facilities being filled beyond capacity, and the Spirit of God working in a tremendous way. It was indeed the beginning of a new era for this city. It has brought about beautiful fellowship between our congregations, and the whole city has been stirred by the present renewal taking place.

Two years ago, while ministering in Kenya on a Sunday morning, the Holy Spirit gently but firmly dealt with me from the seventeenth chapter of John concerning that great intercessory prayer of the Lord Jesus Christ just before His crucifixion: "That they all may be one; as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us: that the world may believe that thou hast sent me."

We had seen the great divided expression of the body of Christ in Kenya with its competitiveness and sectarianism. At that time, another major denomination was moving in for the first time with a gigantic missionary program, and it was evident that it would tend to fracture the body of Christ there still further.

From this passage in John we understand that the most powerful method for evangelism today is the church united in a given locale, working, moving, and sharing together as a community of love. It seems as if we ignored this vital statement of Jesus concerning the world believing in Jesus when the church gets united. We have three every gimmick and proved durable imaginable to the ingenuity of man when God's method for reaching a city is a united church.

In Matthew 12:25,26, Jesus answered the religious leaders of His day who had accused Him of doing His healing ministry through the enablement of demonic power by saying: "Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand: And if Satan cast out Satan, he is divided against himself; how shall then his kingdom stand?"

The inference in this passage by our Lord is that the kingdom of darkness is such a powerful force because it is a united kingdom. He does not try to defend His own ministry but sets forth a principle from which they must make deductions. What I want to point out in reference to this passage is that if Satan's kingdom is a united kingdom, how can a divided church in a given locale do much in the way of denting or invading or literally overcoming this kingdom? In other words, we are brought back to the realization that evangelism will only become ultimate and expressive for the church as it is united under the Lordship of Christ.

STANDING TOGETHER

Ephesians 1:9,10 expresses very clearly the purpose of God in part for His Church:

Having made known unto us the mystery of His will, according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself: That in the dispensation of the fulness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, and which are on earth; and even in Him.

We are seeing this gathering together today.

Through the years the brethren have had some significant retreats wherein we have really gotten to know one another and have been able to establish meaningful support and communication with each other. These have also been times of spiritual refreshing and blessing which have cemented us more closely.

There have been at least two occasions when, as a part of the eldership of the city, we have found it needful as faithful shepherds to take a positive, corporate stand against negative and divisive forces that could have rent the body of Christ in our locale. Again, this heightened our respect for each other and made our commitment more meaningful.

Our eldership group is not just open to charismatics, but to all brethren who sense a response to meet together under the Lordship of Christ. We have felt wanted to give any idea of being exclusive, but all along have desired to see the agape circle enlarged, for our concept is one of inclusiveness rather than exclusiveness.

These eldership meetings have been a growing experience for us individually and corporately. The reason for this is that we have been able to feed on and eat of the Christ expressed through each of the brethren. As we come together sharing the Lord Jesus Christ — the ministry He has given us, the wisdom, the revelation, as it is expressed, makes such a composite manifestation of His nature and life.

Also, this fellowship has been the means of producing wholeness and balance. One brother comes emphasizing the ministry of the Holy Spirit; another emphasizes the ministry of the Word; and still another the necessity of social action and good works. All of this has brought adjustment to each of us and development in the weakened and impoverished areas of our lives. Praise God for the sense of establishment that is coming forth!

We realize that our coming together is just in the embryo stage, and God is saying much more to us as brethren regarding commitment and submission to each other. The words are coming to us loud and clear: "Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you; but that ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment" (I Cor. 1:10).

ARTICLE END

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: Forum: Spiritual Unity
AUTHOR: Jamie Buckingham, Charles Simpson, Bob Mumford (forum participants)
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 02-1974
DATE: February 1974
CATEGORIES: apostolic, church, discipleship, kingdom, leadership
CATEGORY REASONING: This forum discussion presents sustained theological argumentation about the nature of spiritual unity versus institutional unity, the role of lordship and leadership in achieving true unity, and practical principles for believers entering into fellowship across denominational lines. The participants make substantive teaching points rather than merely sharing opinions.

CONTENT:

The topic under discussion this month is SPIRITUAL UNITY. From every corner of the globe comes this glorious news that God's people are awakening to the possibility and joy of "Oneness in Christ."

What form will unity take in the body of Christ? Is there a pattern toward which we can move?

BUCKINGHAM: Since I'm basically a story-teller, rather than an expositor, let me answer by telling a story. Last year I was on a flight from Atlanta to Louisville. Due to mechanical difficulties we were two hours late in boarding. Everyone was angry, and as we entered the plane, they were venting their hostility on the poor stewardess. She tried to be nice, but some were giving her a rough time. As I approached she looked up, saw the fish pin in my lapel, and exclaimed: "Oh, you're one of us."

"That's right," I grinned.

She smiled, squeezed my arm and I went on to my seat. That's all. There were no more words, but every time she passed my seat our eyes met and we knew. We were one.

Unity starts like that. Not because we belong to the same organization — or even claim the same doctrinal beliefs — but because we walk together in the light.

I expect to see a return to the Acts 2 concept of the family of God. The body in Melbourne, for instance, is gradually coming together as the early church did. Some call it "community." I see it simply as a family who recognizes that all we have belongs to God, and therefore to our brothers and sisters in Christ also. As the Kingdom Church is established (to welcome back the King) we must be careful not to establish patterns. Instead, we need to be open to whatever form it is to take as the Holy Spirit leads. I do not find a pattern of unity in the New Testament church. Rather I see principles. One flock in each city, although there may be several folds and several shepherds. Some will speak in tongues, some won't. Some will be active in institutional churches, others will be submitted to prayer groups. But like the girl on the plane, we will be one.

MUMFORD: I agree that when we speak of unity, usually it creates a mental image of some super-church which is organizationally bound together in order to have social and political influence. But nothing could be further from the truth. By unity, we mean spiritual unity, i.e. that ability for other members of the same body of Jesus Christ to honor, recognize and fellowship with one another.

The goal of this unity is not primarily social, organizational or political. The goal is to please God the Father, who sees a spiritual family dwelling together in harmony. The results of God's pleasing are greater spiritual endument, a sense of approval and a consequent quickening of the spiritual life of the church.

The practical outworking of spiritual unity is the cessation of gossip, criticism, and "we-are-the-people" attitudes. Never should there be an attitude that we will come into unity when the other "wises up" to our true, doctrinal position. How we need to understand and respect one another without attempting to change or manipulate the other.

SIMPSON: Unity is not conformity; it is not organizational; it is not theological. Unity is based on the Lordship and High Priesthood of Jesus. As the Holy Spirit is being poured out, the Lordship of Jesus will be magnified increasingly. Those who come under His Lordship will come under appointed shepherds who will lead them into one fold with one Shepherd, Jesus Christ the Lord, and to one purpose — the establishment of His Kingdom. One in Lordship — one in purpose — hence, unity.

What is the difference between the more of God in unifying the body of Christ and the ecumenical movement?

MUMFORD: Often it is helps to make certain distinctions that are not always obvious. Can you see a difference between unity of brethren and unity of churches? Is there a valid distinction between spiritual unity and organizational unity? What about the difference between spiritual recognition of a believer and an agreement on the myrid of doctrinal details?

These distinctions, I believe to be valid and necessary. When they are answered, it clarifies the confusion between unity in the body of Christ, which is spiritual, and the ecumenical movement, which is an outward attempt to ideologically and theologically come to some agreement.

The tendency of human beings is to "go their own way," and this is most evident in the realm of the spiritual or religious. Traditions, types of worship, subjective leadings, as well as an innumerable variety of biblical interpretations all militate against doctrinal unity. At the same time, however, there is a spiritual desire being wrought in the hearts of all born-again Christians to understand and love those who call on the same Lord. This hunger, I believe, will prevail until the fears and reservations are overcome.

SIMPSON: Unity is that for which Jesus prayed (John 17). It should be our prayer also. We must not forget how He prayed that we would be one in Him (21–23): by us getting into Him and Him getting into us, which will necessarily produce unity of Spirit and faith (Ephesians 4).

However, making unity the aim, ignoring His Lordship, and seeking to ignore the divisions of the body of Christ are ones usually who should initiate some action. This is why I suggest one to one. No talk, no publicity, news releases, etc. Quietly, love, seek to be open to others, make time to fellowship, and do not be dismayed or discouraged when questioned and challenged.

One who seeks to initiate some spiritual unity should consider this advice: Keep open to suggestions. Differences in opinion and even method are often different than you would use. Embrace criticism as being helpful and necessary. On the other hand, beware of detractors. These are the kind of people who criticize, complain and manipulate, but do not have anything constructive in mind. The distinction is simple. Honest criticism always offers an alternate solution.

What steps or principles might be helpful in opening myself to fellowship with other believers or pastors in my city, especially if they are afraid of me and my beliefs?

BUCKINGHAM: Unity means that a grape must be willing to be dropped into a jar of marbles. The outcome, of course, is inexpedient. The marbles will crush the grape (crucifixion). However, in the process all marbles get covered with grape juice. My greatest fear is not that I will be crushed; rather, it is that I might be a grain of wheat that falls into the ground and refuses to die.

When two forces meet — Spirit-baptized believer and the organizational-Christian — one will have to give. Jesus taught by word and personal example, that God blesses the man who walks the second mile, turns the other cheek, refuses to demand "his rights," and is willing to be broken. Yet the love that is exuded from that kind of brokenness eventually draws all other believers together in unity.

SIMPSON: Such unity can only be accomplished, as I implied earlier, under the Lord's direction. Unity must be a by-product of the Spirit, not a goal that you accomplish. The Holy Spirit will lead you to be a peace-maker. He will cause you to try to understand those who serve Him differently. You must learn to value their values. Learn how to receive from them the truth that they have. Ask God to forgive you of any wrong judgments or attitudes that you have had in the past. Get your spirit one.

Once you have known it is the Lord's will for you to relate, and understand that what others believe is important to them and that much of what they believe is good and is from God, and once you have humbled yourself before God and them to receive from them, then they will begin to open to you.

Attend their functions; be genuinely interested in them, not to manipulate them, but to know them; and, finally, learn to listen to them with your heart.

MUMFORD: This is the most difficult question to answer because it comes to the "how to." Most of us have tried to write letters, have dinners and luncheons to "work toward unity." But, as I understand it, spiritual unity only comes out of time and communication with one another. The only way unity can come is by someone taking the burden and praying for some one Christian leader, by loving that one, by visiting him, and by beginning to build relationship.

One to one is the only viable route to unity among pastors and leaders. This is likewise true for members of various groups. Personal witnessing about Jesus Christ is most effective when it is one to one in a small and controlled situation. Movement toward spiritual unity comes in a similar manner.

Religious fears and reservations are not easily broken down, but fear gradually dispates as people get to know one another on a personal basis.

Within a city, whose responsibility is it to take the initiative in bringing unity in the body of Christ?

SIMPSON: The local shepherds are the key. It is not necessary that everybody get together. If the shepherds get together in reality, they bring a "togetherness" to the various bodies of believers. Coming together should be under their oversight.

BUCKINGHAM: Initiative is the obligation of the man of God — regardless of who he is. Our example is Jesus who took the gospel to the synagogue. True, He often withdrew His disciples for believers' meetings, and he conducted public rallies. But even during the last week of his life he went over the institution, desiring they might open to the flow of the Holy Spirit.

I still remember the sting of a rebuke by a kind Methodist pastor who listened to my tirade against the "dead" church. He finally said, "Brother, could it be that we're not dead, only lost — and seeking for the light?" In that moment I saw myself as a candle-snuffer rather than a lamp-lighter.

For years I functioned as the pastor of a large Southern Baptist church. During that time I was president of the local ministerial association. Then I received the baptism in the Holy Spirit, and reacted. For five years I never attended a ministerial meeting. My, how good it was to be free from reports, committees, and people who talked about "superficial" things.

Then last month a Spirit-baptized pastor, still struggling along in the synagogue syndrome, called. He was pleading with me to join the local ministerial association. Many of the other pastors in Melbourne, he said, were threatened by my ministry. As a result most of them were closed to all I represented. He didn't say it, but what I heard was I was a poor witness for the Lord.

That Thursday I showed up at the ministerial meeting. I knew that whether they accepted me or not, I should accept them. I needed to be willing to be a grape among marbles. (Although when I arrived I found several other grapes had been attending for some time, praying I would join them.)

It is time for us to prove to the world that the Holy Spirit does not divide. He unites us in Christ.

MUMFORD: Initiative — oh how it is needed! Yet, at the same time whoever takes the initiative comes under suspicion, attack and misunderstanding. "Blessed is he who is called to spiritual leadership — for he shall be shut down." This is a beatitude of experience! "You are trying to build something!" "It's your church or denomination that will benefit." "How do we get new members from this fellowship?" "How do we divide the church or denomination that will benefit."

This type of confusion must be anticipated and the one (or ones) who see the unity of the body of Christ are the ones usually who should initiate some action. This is why I suggest one on one. No talk, no publicity, news releases, etc. Quietly, love, seek to be open to others, make time to fellowship, and do not be dismayed or discouraged when questioned and challenged.

How far should I go in "compromising" my beliefs to maintain unity with my brother?

[The responses to this question continue as follows:]

SIMPSON: Within a city, whose responsibility is it to take the initiative in bringing unity in the body of Christ?

The local shepherds are the key. It is not necessary that everybody get together. If the shepherds get together in reality, they bring a "togetherness" to the various bodies of believers. Coming together should be under their oversight.

BUCKINGHAM: Initiative is the obligation of the man of God — regardless of who he is. Our example is Jesus who took the gospel to the synagogue. True, He often withdrew His disciples for believers' meetings, and he conducted public rallies. But even during the last week of his life he went over the institution, desiring they might open to the flow of the Holy Spirit.

I still remember the sting of a rebuke by a kind Methodist pastor who listened to my tirade against the "dead" church. He finally said, "Brother, could it be that we're not dead, only lost — and seeking for the light?" In that moment I saw myself as a candle-snuffer rather than a lamp-lighter.

For years I functioned as the pastor of a large Southern Baptist church. During that time I was president of the local ministerial association. Then I received the baptism in the Holy Spirit, and reacted. For five years I never attended a ministerial meeting. My, how good it was to be free from reports, committees, and people who talked about "superficial" things.

Then last month a Spirit-baptized pastor, still struggling along in the synagogue syndrome, called. He was pleading with me to join the local ministerial association. Many of the other pastors in Melbourne, he said, were threatened by my ministry. As a result most of them were closed to all I represented. He didn't say it, but what I heard was I was a poor witness for the Lord.

That Thursday I showed up at the ministerial meeting. I knew that whether they accepted me or not, I should accept them. I needed to be willing to be a grape among marbles. (Although when I arrived I found several other grapes had been attending for some time, praying I would join them.)

It is time for us to prove to the world that the Holy Spirit does not divide. He unites us in Christ.

MUMFORD: Initiative — oh how it is needed! Yet, at the same time whoever takes the initiative comes under suspicion, attack and misunderstanding. "Blessed is he who is called to spiritual leadership — for he shall be shut down." This is a beatitude of experience! "You are trying to build something!" "It's your church or denomination that will benefit." "How do we get new members from this fellowship?" "How do we divide the church or denomination that will benefit."

This type of confusion must be anticipated and the one (or ones) who see the unity of the body of Christ are the ones usually who should initiate some action. This is why I suggest one on one. No talk, no publicity, news releases, etc. Quietly, love, seek to be open to others, make time to fellowship, and do not be dismayed or discouraged when questioned and challenged.

How far should I go in "compromising" my beliefs to maintain unity with my brother?

SIMPSON: Such unity can only be accomplished, as I implied earlier, under the Lord's direction. Unity must be a by-product of the Spirit, not a goal that you accomplish. The Holy Spirit will lead you to be a peace-maker. He will cause you to try to understand those who serve Him differently. You must learn to value their values. Learn how to receive from them the truth that they have. Ask God to forgive you of any wrong judgments or attitudes that you have had in the past. Get your spirit one.

Once you have known it is the Lord's will for you to relate, and understand that what others believe is important to them and that much of what they believe is good and is from God, and once you have humbled yourself before God and them to receive from them, then they will begin to open to you.

Attend their functions; be genuinely interested in them, not to manipulate them, but to know them; and, finally, learn to listen to them with your heart.

MUMFORD: This is the most difficult question to answer because it comes to the "how to." Most of us have tried to write letters, have dinners and luncheons to "work toward unity." But, as I understand it, spiritual unity only comes out of time and communication with one another. The only way unity can come is by someone taking the burden and praying for some one Christian leader, by loving that one, by visiting him, and by beginning to build relationship.

One to one is the only viable route to unity among pastors and leaders. This is likewise true for members of various groups. Personal witnessing about Jesus Christ is most effective when it is one to one in a small and controlled situation. Movement toward spiritual unity comes in a similar manner.

Religious fears and reservations are not easily broken down, but fear gradually dispates as people get to know one another on a personal basis.

BUCKINGHAM: Unity means that a grape must be willing to be dropped into a jar of marbles. The outcome, of course, is inexpedient. The marbles will crush the grape (crucifixion). However, in the process all marbles get covered with grape juice. My greatest fear is not that I will be crushed; rather, it is that I might be a grain of wheat that falls into the ground and refuses to die.

When two forces meet — Spirit-baptized believer and the organizational-Christian — one will have to give. Jesus taught by word and personal example, that God blesses the man who walks the second mile, turns the other cheek, refuses to demand "his rights," and is willing to be broken. Yet the love that is exuded from that kind of brokenness eventually draws all other believers together in unity.

SIMPSON: One concern is that Protestants had ever been in a Catholic church.) Many people were turned away. Young people sat on the floor, around the altar, and in the aisles. There was an air of expectancy and enthusiasm in the crowd. What an inspiration to see Protestants and Catholics lifting their hands, singing, and praising God together as Father Joseph Fulton, senior priest of the church, led them in worship!

The same principle either works, or does not work, inside the local church. We can all join the same organization and say we are "one," but we're like marbles in a jar, bumping together and calling it unity. But we're still individual egos and when the meeting is over we bounce apart to go our separate ways.

Unity is not marbles. It is grapes. Crushed together until all the skins of ego are broken and the juice forms a new wine. In this kind of unity we are all one. It was this power that took place in the upper room when they were all together in one accord in one place. No wonder the Holy Spirit fell with such power.

What steps or principles might be helpful in opening myself to fellowship with other believers or pastors in my city, especially if they are afraid of me and my beliefs?

BUCKINGHAM: Unity means that a grape must be willing to be dropped into a jar of marbles. The outcome, of course, is inexpedient. The marbles will crush the grape (crucifixion). However, in the process all marbles get covered with grape juice. My greatest fear is not that I will be crushed; rather, it is that I might be a grain of wheat that falls into the ground and refuses to die.

When two forces meet — Spirit-baptized believer and the organizational-Christian — one will have to give. Jesus taught by word and personal example, that God blesses the man who walks the second mile, turns the other cheek, refuses to demand "his rights," and is willing to be broken. Yet the love that is exuded from that kind of brokenness eventually draws all other believers together in unity.

SIMPSON: Such unity can only be accomplished, as I implied earlier, under the Lord's direction. Unity must be a by-product of the Spirit, not a goal that you accomplish. The Holy Spirit will lead you to be a peace-maker. He will cause you to try to understand those who serve Him differently. You must learn to value their values. Learn how to receive from them the truth that they have. Ask God to forgive you of any wrong judgments or attitudes that you have had in the past. Get your spirit one.

Once you have known it is the Lord's will for you to relate, and understand that what others believe is important to them and that much of what they believe is good and is from God, and once you have humbled yourself before God and them to receive from them, then they will begin to open to you.

Attend their functions; be genuinely interested in them, not to manipulate them, but to know them; and, finally, learn to listen to them with your heart.

BUCKINGHAM: For many years the institutional church has tried to manufacture ecumenicity. This has taken forms ranging from "union" services at Thanksgiving to something like COCU where the Council of Churches tries to blend major denominations into one super-church. Since such efforts are man-motivated, they invariably fail. Or if they succeed, it is on the same level as the merging of two business organizations.

The move of the Holy Spirit, however, is much different. A new thing is happening as artificial denominational lines are dissolving as people organize conformity, will only produce more of that which we already have. I quickly acknowledge the sincerity and genuine vision of many in ecumenical dialogues, but we must first come to the Lordship of Jesus, then allow Him to direct the process of unification.

Merely being organized together will not produce unity. If a local church or denomination is not united under Jesus' leadership, uniting it to similar groups will not solve, but rather compound, the problem. Unity must begin with personal relationships.

BUCKINGHAM: Initiative is the obligation of the man of God — regardless of who he is. Our example is Jesus who took the gospel to the synagogue. True, He often withdrew His disciples for believers' meetings, and he conducted public rallies. But even during the last week of his life he went over the institution, desiring they might open to the flow of the Holy Spirit.

SIMPSON: One who seeks to initiate some spiritual unity should consider this advice: Keep open to suggestions. Differences in opinion and even method are often different than you would use. Embrace criticism as being helpful and necessary. On the other hand, beware of detractors. These are the kind of people who criticize, complain and manipulate, but do not have anything constructive in mind. The distinction is simple.

# BATCH 6 OF 6 — New Wine Magazine 02-1974

[BRIDGE CONTEXT RESOLUTION]

The bridge context from the previous batch continues into the forum discussion on this page. The discussion involves Bob Mumford and Charles Simpson addressing questions about unity and doctrine.

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: Forum — Unity and Doctrine [continuation and conclusion]
AUTHOR: Bob Mumford and Charles Simpson [assumed full names; noted as contributors to forum panel]
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 02-1974
DATE: February 1974
CATEGORIES: church, community, discipleship, Christian living
CATEGORY REASONING: This forum discussion addresses the theological foundations of Christian unity, the relationship between doctrine and fellowship, and how believers should approach doctrinal differences. The participants make sustained theological arguments about the nature of unity in Christ, moving beyond conversational exchange into instructional content about spiritual principles.

CONTENT:

BUCKINGHAM: Last year a young people — His people — not doctrines. Doctrines, convictions and principles grow as we fellowship. You don't have to compromise, but keep priorities straight: Jesus, brethren, then personal convictions. Jesus reminded the Pharisees that the Sabbath was made for man not vice versa. When our doctrines come first, we can easily wound and destroy people for our doctrine's sake. Then, we have forgotten that our doctrines were given to help people, not hurt them.

Yes, there is a time to stand for a principle. There is also a way to stand. We can stand for our convictions by proving in our own lives that our doctrines work in love, fruit and endurance.

MUMFORD: Some have — in their search for spiritual unity — said "Doctrine is not important." It is obvious to most of us how dangerous such a statement *can* be. What this statement is trying to say is — "Don't begin to fellowship in areas of disagreement."

We should recognize that if we had to leave all our doctrines and teaching behind in order to come to unity, we would come believing *nothing*. The others come believing *nothing*, as well. So together, in unity, we believe *nothing*!

If we come together around basics, i.e. the love of God, Lordship of Jesus Christ, the blood of the slain Lamb, the place of the Holy Scriptures, we can learn to *fellowship*. When we can fellowship we move on to *relationship* — that is, discovering, to our amazement, that God really loves them too!

Once we are in relationship, love begins to flow. In the presence of love I have found we can discuss the most *explosive issues* without "spiritual blood pressures" rising. How many of my personal prejudices and pet doctrines were broken and modified as I fellowshipped, in love, those who believed differently than I.

A word to all my dear brothers and sisters who feel called to "defend the truth." This crusading spirit is not really born of the Spirit of Christ, but rather comes out of a self-willed opinion of what we believe to be of the utmost importance. As each of us grows and fellowships with others, we gradually learn a vital lesson — we don't defend truth, but rather truth defends us. Truth sometimes disturbs man-made theories and human traditions, but biblical truth never disturbs other biblical truth. That which is pure, biblical truth endures forever, for Jesus is that truth.

SIMPSON: It does help to remember that unity is not primarily a matter of being right or wrong, or a matter of doctrines, but rather of relationship. In other words, Jesus is a person. We are not joined to an idea of Christ Jesus, but to Himself. In turn He joins us to His people — not doctrines.

Do you have questions which you feel need to be discussed through the FORUM? If they represent a need for enlightenment or encouragement to the body of Christ, we will be happy to consider them for possible future topics to be referred to our panel.

Please state questions clearly and mail them to FORUM PANEL: *New Wine Magazine*, P.O. Box 22888, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33315. We appreciate reader participation in this feature of *New Wine*.

In March, an equally timely and exciting topic will be placed before the Panel. The concept of *discipleship* in our day is emerging as a top priority consideration throughout the body of Christ. Rev. Ivan Martin Baker of Buenos Aires will serve as our guest panelist.

BOOKS MENTIONED: None

ARTICLE END

---

BOOKS IN THIS BATCH: None