TABLE OF CONTENTS
- EDITORIAL | Tom Monroe | Page 2
- CO-ORDINATORS REPORT | Eldon Purvis | Page 4
- WFCB-TV—MIAMI | Bob Feller | Page 5
- SINGER PAT BOONE IN MIAMI TO HELP LAUNCH TV STATION | From The Miami Herald | Page 6
- A VISION OF BROADCASTING THE SEED | Tom Monroe | Page 8
- PRAYER THE UNDERGIRDING OF WFCB-TV | Velma Frank | Page 9
- TWO WAYS OF RECEIVING THE HOLY SPIRIT | Derek Prince | Page 11
- BREAKING OF BREAD | Charles Simpson | Page 13
- HOW TO OVERCOME | Don Flora | Page 17
END TABLE OF CONTENTS

[SKIPPED: EDITORIAL by Tom Monroe]

[SKIPPED: CO-ORDINATORS REPORT by Eldon Purvis]

ARTICLE START
TITLE: WFCB-TV—Miami
AUTHOR: Bob Feller
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 01-1970
DATE: January 1970
CATEGORIES: community, Christian living, leadership
CATEGORY REASONING: This article discusses the establishment of a Christian television station, emphasizing community service and leadership in Christian media.

CONTENT:
(Continued from front page)

months for a ruling. It took that same FCC just three days to approve the modified application of Florida Christian Broadcasting to build and operate UHF Channel 45 in Miami. That was an answer to the prayers of the Spirit-filled believers seeking the Lord’s will for the project.

More recently another miraculous answer to prayer occurred in relation to a site for the transmitter tower. Although the Lord had lead the group to a 20 acre site, it was only half the size needed to accommodate guy wires for a 1000 foot tower. Then, while in prayer about this very matter, a group of the leaders was interrupted by a phone call from a tower engineer. He informed the group he had come up with a revolutionary design which would permit construction of the tower on the available 20 acres. What’s more, WFCB-TV directors now plan to hang a lighted, 300-foot cross from the top of the thousand foot tower.

Although the Lord’s hand has been evident in the project from the beginning, Christian television is not without precedent in the United States. Two such stations, one in Portsmouth, Virginia, the other in Los Angeles, are now on the air.

Pat Robertson, the son of former U.S. Senator Willis Robertson, bought a bankrupt Portsmouth station in 1959 for $37,000, then went into business with $3 in the station bank account. Today, the studios and facilities of the Portsmouth TV and radio stations are worth more than $3.5 million. In addition, Robertson’s Christian Broadcasting Network has five radio stations in New York state and a missionary radio station in Bogota, Columbia. It is also constructing a television station in Atlanta and has plans for another in Indianapolis.

The only other Christian television station now on the air is in Los Angeles, but current indications are that the Lord has ordained other stations for Chicago and Cleveland.

While WFCB-TV will not be connected with any of these other Christian stations, programs will be interchanged to bring South Florida viewers the finest in Gospel messages and Christian entertainment. Specific programming plans are incomplete, but the Board of Directors has stated the purpose of WFCB-TV in these words: “To make the Gospel of Jesus Christ available to every home, every day. To provide wholesome entertainment and programs of public service, education and community interest.”

To this end, Channel 45, the GOOD NEWS STATION, will promote neither violence nor sex and will not schedule programs by questionable artists.

WFCB-TV will be a commercial television station, but advertising as well as programming, will be carefully screened. The directors are planning a program schedule that will be wholesome without being puritanical or self-righteous; programming and advertising that will not be dictated to by the almighty dollar. To this end the stations will accept no tobacco or beer advertising.

Network television feeds its viewers a virtually uninterrupted diet of violence. According to the National Association for Better Broadcasting, “Between the ages of five and 15 years the average child watches the violent destruction of more than 13,400 persons on TV.”

WFCB-TV directors are in agreement with those who feel the daily diet of violence fed our children on network television can only have a detrimental effect in their formative years. Stanford University psychologist, Dr. Alberta E. Siegel, has said, “Every American adult, teenager, and child today is attending a school of violence, named, ‘TV.’ Dr. Siegel adds that the “distinction between fiction and reality as shown on TV is a difficult one for normal adults to maintain. For young children, the distinction may not exist at all.”

In contrast, children’s programs on WFCB will be stimulating in a wholesome way: they will offer the positive message of the Gospel. Other programs will present exciting testimonies from such figures as singer Pat Boone, former New York Yankee star Bobby Richardson, and ex-nightclub singer Dave Boyer; programs in sign language for the deaf; powerful spiritual messages from Billy Graham, Oral Roberts, Kathryn Kuhlman and local teachers and pastors; educational, informative and entertaining programs; programs for the Jewish community and South Florida’s large Spanish-speaking population; and news and special events with an emphasis on the positive, wholesome things happening in the community. There are also plans to interpret the news in the light of the Bible.

(Continued on page 20)

BOOKS MENTIONED: None
ARTICLE END

[SKIPPED: SINGER PAT BOONE IN MIAMI TO HELP LAUNCH TV STATION]

BOOKS IN THIS BATCH: None

ARTICLE START

TITLE: 20th Century Style: A Vision of Broadcasting The Seed

AUTHOR: Tom Monroe

MAGAZINE: New Wine

ISSUE: 01-1970

DATE: January 1970

CATEGORIES: Christian living, community, kingdom

CATEGORY REASONING: The article discusses the use of contemporary media to spread the Christian message, highlighting the integration of religious content into broader societal communications, thereby teaching about spreading the Gospel through modern channels.

CONTENT:

In every age God has ordained his special ministries to the people. Our age is no exception in that practically every ministry of the past is still active to some degree and the new is being added to supplement the old. Unlike men, God, in His concern to reach every man with the whole message of Jesus, is not reluctant to use contemporary media. For many years the radio ministry has penetrated both the tropic and the asphalt jungles carrying the message of hope and restoration to the lost. Now that television has become an integral part of the American family life, God has appointed this means of communication as one of His messengers. The time has been divinely established to coincide with a serious degeneration in the moral and spiritual caliber of secular television. Soon, audiences will be actively seeking wholesome, constructive, uplifting TV for their family viewing. 

Christian broadcasting, properly inspired by the Spirit, will fill this need with entertainment, music, drama, news, weather, teaching, talk forums, etc., all with a Christ centered message. Since God intended to relate to man in all of his activities (not just so-called “religious” endeavors) Christian TV is expected to be one of the main streams of spiritual influence into every facet of our personal, family, professional and social life.

While the number of Christian television stations is very limited today (only two stations actually broadcasting on a regular basis) a number of stations are in the final planning or construction stage currently. A still larger number are in the advanced planning phase. At this time, there is ample evidence that God is sovereignly moving to establish this ministry, as a nationwide Holy Spirit network.

New developments in broadcasting equipment and facilities, as well as recent inspirations for unique programming techniques and the sudden eruption of all kinds of spirit-filled talent in the performing arts work together to convince those involved in this ministry that God, not man, is at work to do a new thing in preparation for raising the curtain on the final act of the drama of the ages.

Excitement and enthusiasm run high with those called to participate in this venture of faith. Because it is a ministry of faith requiring people who walk in the Spirit by faith, God is preparing his operating cadre by the unique schooling of the Holy Spirit. We are finding that every minute detail as well as every major step in the designing, equipping, staffing, financing and programming of the TV ministry must be by faith and in the Spirit, rather than by conventional, natural, establishment orthodoxy ways. God is doing a New Thing in every way—just as in the beginning of the church almost 2000 years ago.

BOOKS MENTIONED: None

ARTICLE END

ARTICLE START

TITLE: Two Ways of Receiving The Holy Spirit

AUTHOR: Derek Prince

MAGAZINE: New Wine

ISSUE: 01-1970

DATE: January 1970

CATEGORIES: Christian living, prophecy, spiritual warfare

CATEGORY REASONING: The article provides instructional content on understanding and receiving the Holy Spirit, according to biblical teachings, which fits under Christian living and encompasses aspects of prophecy and spiritual guidance.

CONTENT:

According to the unfolding revelation of the New Testament, the day of Pentecost marked a tremendous climax in the dealings of God with the human race. On that day, for the first time in human history, men and women received the “baptism in the Holy Spirit”. In the preceding record of all four Gospels and in the opening chapter of the Book of Acts, the way had been systematically prepared for this great climax.

In all four Gospels the ministry of Jesus himself is introduced by John the Baptist. Central to John the Baptist’s introduction is this statement concerning Jesus: “I indeed have baptized you in water, but he shall baptize you in the Holy Spirit.” In the Gospel of John, John the Baptist states the reason why he himself baptized in water: “that he (Jesus) should be made manifest to Israel, therefore am I come baptizing in water” (John 1:31). In other words, the baptism in water administered by John the Baptist, was a type, or pattern pointing forward to the baptism in the Holy Spirit which was later to be administered by Jesus.

Thereafter, throughout his own earthly ministry, Jesus repeatedly referred to this promise of the Holy Spirit, given initially by John the Baptist, and he always made it clear to his disciples that their experience would not be complete until they had received this promise.

In John 7:37-38 Jesus says: “If any man thirst, let him come unto me, and drink. He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water.” Then in verse 39 the gospel writer adds in parenthesis: “(But this spake he of the Spirit, which they that believe on him should receive: for the Holy Spirit was not yet given; because that Jesus was not yet glorified.)” The explanation given in verse 39 practically makes it clear that Jesus was speaking not about sinners being converted, but about those who were already believers receiving the Holy Spirit; and that this gift of the Holy Spirit would be made available to believers only after Jesus himself had completed his earthly ministry and had taken his place in glory at the Father’s right hand.

Chapters 14, 15 and 16 of John’s Gospel record the great, final discourse of Jesus with his disciples, immediately prior to his arrest, trial and crucifixion. In this discourse, Jesus again lays repeated emphasis upon the promise of the Holy Spirit.

In John 14:16-18 Jesus gives his disciples the following promise: “I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever; even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. I will not leave you comfortless (orphans); I will come to you.”

By using the phrase “another Comforter”, Jesus here lays special emphasis upon the fact that the Holy Spirit, when he comes, will be just as real a person, as Jesus himself. In effect, Jesus says: “I am about to leave you, but in my place another person will come—that is, the Holy Spirit. I have been with you only a brief three and a half years, but when this other person comes, he will remain with you for ever (or, more literally, for the rest of the age, until this dispensation closes). You already know this person, because he has been with me throughout my ministry—and therefore with you. However, the time is coming when he will take up his dwelling directly within you. In this way, you will not be left alone like orphans, without anyone to care for you, to encourage you, and to instruct you.”

In this passage, as in John 7:37-39, Jesus makes it clear that this promise of the Holy Spirit is only for those who are already believers, for he says that “the world (i.e. those who are still unbelievers) cannot receive him.”

A little further on, in John 14:25-26, Jesus again refers to the promised coming of the Comforter: “These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you. But the Comforter, who is the Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.” In these words, Jesus emphasized that the effect of his own ministry and teaching upon the disciples would be incomplete until after the coming of the Holy Spirit. He indicated that his own ministry would need to be completed by the coming of the Holy Spirit in two main ways. First, the Holy Spirit would accurately remind the disciples of the teaching which Jesus had already given them, and would interpret it for them in a way that they had not previously been able to receive. Second, the Holy Spirit would give them further needed teaching of his own, going beyond that which Jesus had given while with them on earth.

Again, in John 16:7, Jesus further emphasizes the absolutely necessity of his leaving the disciples, so that the Holy Spirit coming to take his place, for he says: “I tell you the truth; it is expedient for you that I go away; for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you.” Once again Jesus emphasized that there was to be an exchange of persons. Jesus himself must first return to his place in heaven, before the Holy Spirit could in turn come to take up his place on earth.

A little further on, in John 16:12-15, Jesus describes again the ministry which the Holy Spirit will have: “I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot hear them now. Howbeit, when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all the truth; for he shall not speak of himself: but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak; and he will shew you things to come. He shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto you. All things that the Father hath are mine: therefore said I, that he shall take of mine, and shall shew it unto you.” These words may be summed up by saying that the Holy Spirit was to be the divinely authorized Revealer and Interpreter of Jesus; and that, in particular, in his revelation he would unfold the glory which was to be bestowed upon Jesus in heaven after the completion of his earthly ministry. This agrees with the statement in John 7:39 that the Holy Spirit could be given to believers only after Jesus had been glorified.

After this great closing discourse, recorded in John chapters 14, 15 and 16, there follows the high priestly prayer of Jesus in John chapter 17, immediately after that came the arrest, trial and crucifixion of Jesus. From this point on, therefore, Jesus had no further opportunity of speaking at length to his disciples, until after his resurrection.

The first appearance of Jesus to his disciples in a group after his resurrection is recorded in John 20:19-23. Twice Jesus greeted his disciples with the words: “Peace be unto you.” He also showed them the marks of the wounds in his hands and his side, as conclusive proof that he was the same person who had died on the cross and been buried in the tomb of Joseph of Arimathea. Then he breathed on them, and said to them, “Receive ye the Holy Spirit.”

In a previous study* of this first appearance of Jesus to his disciples, I have brought out the following points:

(1) The verb translated “breathed on” (more literally, “breathed in”) suggests that Jesus probably breathed into each of his disciples individually, bringing his lips and nostrils close to those of each disciple in turn.

(2) In the phrase “the Holy Spirit”, the definite article “the” is supplied by the translators. The words of Jesus could literally be translated, “Receive holy breath.”

(3) The tense of the verb “Receive” indicates decisively that the disciples received the Holy Spirit as a complete, historical experience at that actual moment. So far as they were concerned, this experience did not need to be continued, nor to be repeated later.

(4) At this point in their experience the disciples passed out of “Old Testament salvation” into “New Testament salvation”. The experience that they received at this moment was “regeneration” – “the new birth”.

Although the disciples at this point received the Holy Spirit in regeneration, it is perfectly clear that they had not yet received “the promise of the Holy Spirit” that had been unfolded first by John the Baptist, and then by Jesus himself, in the record of the gospels prior to the death and resurrection of Jesus. For the ensuring forty days after this “resurrection Sunday experience”, Jesus continued to appear from time to time to his disciples, for the purpose of giving them further instruction, and of preparing them for the time of his final ascension back to heaven. In Acts 1:3 Luke says concerning this that “he was seen of them...



BOOKS MENTIONED: None

ARTICLE END

BOOKS IN THIS BATCH: None

```plaintext
ARTICLE START
TITLE: Breaking Bread...
AUTHOR: Rev. Charles Simpson
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 01-1970
DATE: January 1970
CATEGORIES: Christian living, spiritual warfare
CATEGORY REASONING: This article discusses the theological understanding of the Holy Spirit’s role in believers' lives and frames the Pentecost experience in terms of empowerment for Christian living and spiritual engagement.

CONTENT:
"And He took bread, and gave thanks, and brake it, and gave unto them..." (Luke 22:19) "...And they continued daily with one accord breaking bread from house to house." (Acts 2:46) Continued from the Gospel of John

Writer: John; Date: 90 A.D. (Approximately); Origin: Ephesus; Theme: 20:31.

SUBJECT: THE WORD IS...THE BAPTIZER

1. Jn. 1:1, 14
   (1) Jesus Christ declared to be the living Word of God, was made flesh and dwelt among us. (2) He, the Word, was the Fulness of God. (3) In Him was Life. (4) He was the Word of Life. (5) And being in the bosom of the Father, He could declare Him.

John the Baptist revealed the way in which Jesus would manifest the life of God. (6) Being the Lamb of God, He would take away the sin of the world. Now, a world separated from God because of sin could be reconciled to God.

6. Jn. 1:19,36
7. 2 Cor. 5:19
   (7) Thus, the Scripture declares "...God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto Himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them..." (8) For he hath made Him (Jesus) to be sin for us, though He knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in Him." In simple language, that we might receive His life!

9. Jn. 10:10b
10. Jn. 3:15-18
    (9) Jesus came to give life, and to give it more abundantly. (10) This Life He gave (gives) to everyone who believeth on (into) Him. That there was (is) more to this Abundant Life than receiving salvation; the forgiveness of sins, is clear.

11. Lk. 24:49
    (11) Jesus told His disciples to wait for the promise of the Father, which He would send. (12) But first, He must be glorified; ascend back to the Father.

12. Jn. 7:39; Jn. 14:12,16; Jn 16:7; Lk. 24:49
    (13) When the promise is received, they would be endued with power from on high. (14) The promise is illuminated by the words of Jesus in Acts 1:4,5,8. Here, He plainly states that He will baptize them with the Holy Ghost. It will not be far off. It will give them power to witness unto Him...in all the world. (15) He confirmed the words of John the Baptist who had declared “I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance: but He that cometh after me is mightier than I...He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost, and with Fire....”

One hundred and twenty (120) of the disciples believed in the promise, for they believed Him who had promised. The account is set forth in Acts 2:1-4. (16) Note that everyone who had believed—obeyed and “...all were filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.”

17. Joel 2:28; Acts 2:16
    (17) Joel had prophesied that God would pour out His Spirit upon all flesh. (18) Peter, on the Day of Pentecost, said: “This is the beginning of that...” (Amplified). (19) He understood this to be the promise of the Father, and acknowledged that what they had seen and heard was shed forth by the risen, exalted Lord.

20. Acts 2:32-33; Acts 2:38-39,41,47
    We conclude, that the Word made flesh and dying for our sins was of a truth, the Saviour. And, being risen and glorified, He indeed became the Baptizer with (in) the Holy Ghost. (20) And that He was to continue in this exalted position, His ministry is made manifest. Both in the written Word (Acts 10:44-46; 11:16,17; 19:1-6) and also in the multitudes of believers who are still confirming that the Living Word is...THE BAPTIZER!

HOLY SPIRIT...from page 13
still emphasized that the disciples needed to receive “the promise of the Holy Spirit”. He indicated that in this experience the disciples would receive a supernatural endowment of power from the Holy Spirit. He called it being “baptized in the Holy Spirit”.

Almost all interpreters of scripture agree that this promise of the coming of the Holy Spirit was fulfilled ten days after the ascension of Jesus, on Pentecost Sunday. In Acts 2:4 this is described as follows: “And they were all filled with the Holy Spirit, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.” As a result of this unprecedented supernatural demonstration, a great crowd of Jewish people gathered. To these Peter preached a sermon, explaining the events which they had witnessed, and setting forth in order the main facts of the ministry, the death, the resurrection, and the ascension of Jesus. This explanation of Peter came to its climax in Acts 2:32-33: “This Jesus hath God raised up (from the dead), whereof we all are witnesses. Therefore being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Spirit, he hath shed forth (poured out) this, which ye now see and hear.”

Notice how exactly this explanation of Peter fits in with the statement in John 7:39: “But this spake he of the Spirit, which they that believe on him should receive: for the Holy Spirit was not yet given; because that Jesus was not yet glorified.” John had said that the Holy Spirit could not be given until Jesus had completed his earthly ministry, and taken up his place in glory at the Father’s right hand. Now Peter looks back on this as being an accomplished fact, and he says, in effect: “Jesus has completed his earthly ministry and has been exalted in glory at God’s right hand. There he has received from the Father the promise of the Holy Spirit and has poured this out upon us his disciples. The proof that this is so is provided by what you yourselves now see and hear (namely, the believers speaking in tongues and magnifying God).”

At this point was fulfilled the promise given by Jesus in Luke 24:49: “And, behold, I send the promise of my Father upon you.” In Acts 2:33 Peter calls this “the promise of the Holy Spirit”. A little further on in Acts 2:38-39, he brings this out again, by saying: “ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Spirit. For ‘the promise is unto you...’” The “gift” of the Holy Spirit is also the “promise” of the Holy Spirit.

Paul in his epistles also uses the same phrase to denote the same experience. In Galatians 3:13-14 he says: “Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us...that the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ; that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith. Paul here shows that the promise is offered to believers (both Jews and Gentiles) only on the basis of the propitiatory sacrifice made on their behalf by Christ on the cross. Thus the coming of the Holy Spirit to the believer is the Spirit’s testimony to the effective merits of Christ’s propitiatory sacrifice and shed blood, not to the believer’s own righteousness. In this way the Spirit bears witness to the blood of Jesus (1 John 5:6).

Again, in Ephesians 1:13, Paul says to the believers at Ephesus: “In whom (Christ) also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that Holy Spirit of promise.” Notice that Paul here emphasizes that these believers put their faith in Christ for salvation, and then after that received the promise of the Holy Spirit. Like Jesus in the Gospels, Paul in his epistles makes it clear that the promise of the Holy Spirit is not for unbelievers, but only for those who are already believers in Christ.

On the day of Pentecost also was fulfilled the promise of Jesus in John 16:7: “it is expedient for you that I go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you.” At this point the exchange of residence between Jesus and the Holy Spirit was completed. Ten days previously, at his ascension, Jesus had “departed”. He had finally left this earth and taken up his place of residence again at the right hand of the Father in heaven. There he will remain until he comes again in person at the close of the present age to receive his saints unto himself. On the day of Pentecost the Holy Spirit came as a person to take the place of Jesus with the believers on earth. From that moment, until Jesus returns for the church, the Holy Spirit is the permanent, personal representative of the Godhead now resident on earth.

The primary place of the Holy Spirit’s residence during this dispensation is the church—the whole company of true believers on earth. Speaking to all believers collectively, in 1 Corinthians 3:16, Paul says: “Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you?” However, the miracle of divine grace revealed at Pentecost goes even beyond this. The Holy Spirit did not merely come upon the group of disciples collectively. He also entered into, and took up his dwelling within, each disciple individually. For this reason, Paul says again in I Corinthians 6:19: “What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Spirit which is in you?” Through the experience of Pentecost, therefore, each believer becomes a temple, redeemed and sanctified by the blood of Jesus, in which the Holy Spirit as a person now takes up his permanent dwelling.

Here then is the true climax, prepared for first by the teaching of John the Baptist, then by the teaching and propitiatory sacrifice of Jesus himself, and finally fulfilled on the day of Pentecost. At this point in human history a new dispensation began—the dispensation of the Holy Spirit. At this point, the Holy Spirit himself as a person descended from heaven, and took up his residence on earth, to remain here until Jesus returns again to receive the true believers unto himself. The place of the Holy Spirit’s residence during this period is the church collectively, and the physical body of each believer individually. However, it remains the responsibility of each individual to present his own body as a temple to the Holy Spirit, and thus to receive his own personal experience of Pentecost.

Further reading in the book of Acts shows that this personal experience of Pentecost was granted on various subsequent occasions to others besides the original disciples in the upper room at Jerusalem. In Acts 8:14-20 the persons receiving this experience were the Samaritan believers converted through the ministry of Philip. In Acts 9:10-18 it was Saul of Tarsus (later the apostle Paul) who received this experience. In Acts 10:44-48 it was the household of Cornelius, and the same events in the house of Cornelius are further referred to in Acts 11:15-17. In Acts 19:1-6 the record deals with “certain disciples” to whom Paul ministered at Ephesus.

In every one of these cases, except that of the household of Cornelius, it is clear that those who received this personal experience of Pentecost had already experienced “salvation”, or “regeneration”, some time previously. In the three cases of the Samaritans, Saul of Tarsus, and the disciples at Ephesus, the Pentecostal experience was ministered through laying on of hands. In the other two cases—in the upper room at Jerusalem, and in the house of Cornelius—there was no laying on of hands.

It is very instructive to make a list of the various different phrases used in these passages of Acts to describe this personal experience of Pentecost. In Acts 1:5 and 11:16 it is described as “being baptized in the Holy Spirit”. In Acts 1:8; 8:16; 10:44; 11:15; 19:6, it is described as “the Holy Spirit coming upon, or falling upon” those who received it. In Acts 2:17; 2:33; 10:45, it is described as “the Holy Spirit—or the gift of the Holy Spirit—being poured out upon” those who received. In Acts 2:4 and 19:2 it is described as “being filled with the Holy Spirit”. In Acts 8:15, 17, 19; 10:47; 19:2, it is called “receiving the Holy Spirit.” A careful comparison of these passages indicates that all the phrases listed above are used more or less interchangeably to describe this personal experience of Pentecost. In particular, it appears that in three different passages—in Acts 8:15-19; 10:47; 19:2—the phrase “receiving the Holy Spirit” is used (five times in all) to describe this Pentecostal experience.

Thus a careful comparison of scripture shows that the phrase “to receive the Holy Spirit” is applied at different times to two different experiences. First, it is applied by Jesus himself to the experience of the disciples when he breathed on them on the resurrection Sunday evening. Later, it is applied to a subsequent and different experience received by the same disciples on Pentecost Sunday—and following that, to a similar experience received at different times by various other disciples throughout the book of Acts. For purposes of identification and distinction, we may call the first experience “regeneration” and the second experience “the baptism in the Holy Spirit”. It is natural to ask: How do these two experiences differ from each other, and how are they related to each other?

For clear and brief contrast we may summarize the two experiences as follows. REGENERATION: (1) the resurrected Christ; (2) the inbreathed Spirit; (3) the Spirit received as eternal, resurrection life; (4) the result, an inward, spiritual birth. THE BAPTISM IN THE SPIRIT: (1) the glorified Christ; (2) the outpoured Spirit; (3) the Spirit received as a person; (4) as a result, the physical body of the believer becomes the place of the Spirit’s permanent residence.

The following passages of the New Testament appear to refer primarily to regeneration. “The gift of God is eternal life in our Lord Jesus Christ” (Rom. 6:23). “And this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son. He that hath the Son hath life...” (I John 5:11-12). “If Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin; but the Spirit is life because of righteousness.” At regeneration a person receives Christ into his heart by faith. In Christ, he receives the gift of eternal life. This life is supplied by the Holy Spirit. The “body”—i.e. the old carnal nature—is reckoned dead, executed (in Christ on the cross) on account of sin (see Rom. 6:6, 11). In place of the old life, on the basis of Christ’s righteousness received in faith, the Holy Spirit comes in, as divine, eternal, resurrection life.

On the other hand, from the day of Pentecost onwards, the phrase “to receive the Holy Spirit” is never applied again to regeneration, but only to the baptism in the Spirit. This can be verified by reference to passages such as: Acts 8:15, 17, 19; 10:47; 19:2; 2 Corinthians 1:14; Galatians 3:2.

Alternatively, we may express the relationship between regeneration and the baptism in the Spirit in the following terms: “Regeneration is the ministry of the Holy Spirit to the sinner. In this experience the Holy Spirit ministers Christ to the heart of the sinner who repents and believes. In turn, when Christ is thus received by the Holy Spirit, in Christ, comes into the sinner’s heart as eternal life. Regeneration is an inward experience of the heart. It is being “born of the Spirit” (see John 3:6, 8). In other words, it is the Spirit who produces the birth. The Spirit ministers to the repentant sinner the nature of Christ. Therefore Paul says in Romans 8:9: “If any man have not the Spirit of Christ (the Christ-nature), he is none of his.” Without this experience, a person is not born again, he is not a child of God and has no place in the family of God. After regeneration, Christ dwells in the heart of that person by faith (see Eph. 3:17). Such a person may say: “I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless, I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me...” (Gal. 2:20). On account of sin, the old man—the old carnal nature—is reckoned dead (see Rom. 6:6, 11: 8:10). In its place has come the new man—the Christ-nature—the Spirit of Christ—ministered in regeneration by the Holy Spirit.

On the other hand, the baptism in the Spirit is a ministry of Christ to the believer. Christ—and Christ alone—is the baptizer in the Holy Spirit. In this experience, Christ ministers the Holy Spirit to the believer who, as a child of God, claims by faith the promise of the Father (see Luke 11:13; 24:49). The Holy Spirit comes, as a person, to indwell the physical body of the believer. Because this experience affects not merely the inner nature of the heart, but also the physical body, it is logically accompanied by a distinctive physical manifestation—the speaking with a new tongue. In this way, the decisive, controlling member of the physical body—that is, the tongue—is supernaturally brought under the control of the Holy Spirit.

Through the Holy Spirit thus received, Christ in turn is revealed in a fuller and more glorious way to the believer. For this reason, speaking of this experience, Jesus said in John 14:16-18: “I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter...even the Spirit of truth...I will not leave you comfortless (orphans): I will come to you.” In the person of the Comforter Christ himself comes with new fullness and assurance to the believer. In this connection also Jesus said in John 16:13-14: “When he, the Spirit of truth, is come...he shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto you.” The experience of receiving the Comforter...



BOOKS MENTIONED: None
ARTICLE END

BOOKS IN THIS BATCH: None
```

ARTICLE START
TITLE: A Call to Fasting and Prayer
AUTHOR: Velma Frank
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 01-1970
DATE: January 1970
CATEGORIES: prayer, spiritual warfare
CATEGORY REASONING: The article focuses on the spiritual discipline of prayer and fasting as a means of engaging in spiritual warfare and developing a deeper relationship with God.

CONTENT:
"The day that we live in demands that we be anchored in more than materialistic, political activities or just our home. We must be occupied with Jesus! He is our refuge and our strength. Only hid in Him can we meet the buffeting coming by satanic forces.

'Fall on your faces. Ask God for mercy. Humble yourselves with fasting and prayer. He will hear your cry and bring healing to your land.'

'Dark clouds hover over Miami but a great light shall shine forth. It will be the work of no man but the Spirit of the Lord shall encompass the land. Stand fast. Be vigilant.'"

The above was given to me by the Holy Spirit in November. I trust it will bear witness with your spirit. Let us look at Isaiah 58:6-8:

"Is not this the fast that I have chosen? to loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and to let the oppressed go free, and that ye break every yoke?

Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungry, and that thou bring the poor that are cast out to thy house? when thou seest the naked, that thou cover him; and that thou hide not thyself from thine own flesh?

Then shall thy light break forth as the morning, and thine health shall spring forth speedily: and thy righteousness shall go before thee; the glory of the Lord shall be thy reward."

Prayer is the secret that opens the door to the Most High. He waits daily to commune with His saints and offer pardon to the sinners. As yet, no communication is as powerful as this. If the ultimate were known, more time would be spent on our knees.

Let’s make a new covenant of prayer...a disciplined prayer life.

ARTICLE END

BOOKS MENTIONED: None

BOOKS IN THIS BATCH: None