TITLE: Suffering Is A Privilege.
SPEAKER: John Bevere
CHANNEL: John Bevere TV
SOURCE_URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0uvJ0__JQQ
PUBLISHED: NA
DURATION_MIN: 0.0
SOURCE_TYPE: sermon
---
We live in a very cruel world. Jesus did nothing wrong. He's the only innocent man that's ever walked this earth. And you know what the Bible says? They blindfolded him. They were slugging him. They were spitting on him. They were mocking him. Now, this is where it really gets bad. Then they shove a crown of thorns. They rip out his beard. Can you imagine? His face was so disfigured. He seemed hardly a man. This is our creator.

Why would Jesus Christ, why would he undergo such agony and sacrifice to rescue us when we were totally at fault when we betrayed him? And this is a deep truth and I missed this for years. Your mother and I, we were deeply in love, but it wasn't a mature love. Can I tell you, I've been married to your mother now 43 years. And boy, have we gone through some hard times. I hated that pain when people tried to break us up, destroy us, tried to destroy Messenger International. I hated it when I was going through it. Sometimes there were days I felt like I said, "God, I just want to get out of this."

And I look at my marriage and I realize now we're going to talk about the core heart of this message. It's a reason that a lot of people don't really go more into eschatology because they don't see the beauty of what we're going to be discussing. I want to ask you to stay till the very end because it's going to take about 30 minutes to develop. The real important points hit towards the end of what we're going to be sharing with you.

So here's our first question. Why would a loving God allow suffering for those he loves most? Why does bad things happen to good people? Is pain just a consequence of a fallen world? Or is there a deeper unrecognizable benefit to it? Now, this is one that 20 years ago, John Bevere wouldn't have even touched, but I find that it's very much at the core of eternity. And so today, we're going to dive into the mystery that will actually redefine how you see suffering, purpose, and the second coming of Jesus Christ.

The experience I had when I was writing this book, I literally became speechless. I was so impacted by the Holy Spirit, I couldn't even talk. But I ran up against some questions. I wrote a question down and all of a sudden I go I don't know the answer to this. One of the questions I literally typed as I was writing this book and I said I don't even know the answer. What will keep us believers from rebelling against God the way Lucifer did and the way his cohorts, a third of the angels did.

The short answer is that these mutinous angel hosts who are so much mightier and smarter than human beings never suffered adversity for his honor. They never had to fight to uphold God's desires. In essence, they were untested.

Here's the second question that I ran up against. Why did Jesus have to suffer so severely? He is the lamb slain from the foundations of the world. God the father, God the son, God the holy spirit. They planned this all out before the world was even created. They saw that mankind would fall. The father asked the son, "Would you go die for them?" The son said yes. Why did our redemption have to be so painful for him?

I've been preaching for 42 years. I've never before went through all four gospels systematically and looked at how Jesus suffered. And all of a sudden, I realized the whole picture comes together when you look at all four gospels together.

First of all, Jesus knows what's coming because the spirit of Christ reveals to Isaiah like 700 years before Jesus is born the suffering that he would go through. Isaiah 50:6 says, "I gave my back to those who struck me and my cheeks to those who plucked out the beard. I did not hide my face from shame and spitting."

So what a lot of people don't realize is that Jesus was transported five times that night. I'm going to speak from the evening till the early morning the next morning. He was transferred five times to four different locations. It started at Annas. Annas was the father-in-law of the high priest Caiaphas. Annas has soldiers in his house. Jesus is falsely accused. He's lied about and he's beaten in Annas's house. Then Annas transfers him to the temple where he will stand before the high priest and the leading priest who vehemently hate him. And the high priests have what's called the temple guard. What a lot of people don't realize is that after they cross-examine him and Caiaphas stands up and says, "This is blasphemy," they turn him over to the temple guard. Now, the temple guard are full-blown soldiers. These are mighty, mighty soldiers. And do you know what the Bible says? They blindfolded him. They were slugging him. They were spitting on him. They were mocking him. And they did this until they were exhausted. They did this until the sun came up in the morning. A bunch of men are wailing on Jesus non-stop all night long.

Then he is transferred to Pilate. Pilate realizes he's under Herod's jurisdiction. So, Pilate sends Jesus to Herod. Now, this is where it really gets bad. Herod is a king and he's got what he calls the men of war. They put a mock robe on Jesus and they start wailing on him until they are exhausted. Herod then sends him back to Pilate where he's going to face the most brutal treatment of all.

Now, this is all in a matter of time of 10 hours. After Pilate cross-examines him and the people say, "No, no, no. We don't want him." Pilate sends him to be scourged. The captain of the entire regiment of soldiers calls every soldier to come help beat on this Jew. Now, first of all, these gentile Roman soldiers are the best, mightiest, skilled force in the world, and they're angry because it's Passover. And you know what that means? They got to work overtime. So, here's this Jew that some people are saying the king of the Jews. And they are mocking him. They put a robe on him. They put a reed in his hands and they start wailing on him. And the whole regiment is doing it. Then they shove a crown of thorns. These thorns were an inch to an inch and a half long. And they might as well have been like our finishing nails. They literally shove it causing the lacerations to cause blood to come down. They rip out his beard. Can you imagine? They rip out his beard. Then he goes through the scourging.

Now, the scourging was a Roman form of torture that was unbelievably inhumane. It was about a two-foot tall stone that had two shackles on it. They would tie the hands over the head on the shackles. So, the back was stretched out and they many times would have two guys with whips, a left-handed man and a right-handed man. These whips had bone fragments, lead tips, and metal and they were tails. There were a bunch of tails.

Now a lot of people say he took 40 lashes. That's not true. Because the Romans didn't have that law. The Jewish law was you cannot scourge a man more than 40 times. So they would stop at 39. However, the Romans didn't have that law. This is what one commentary says. Scourging was a brutal affair. It was inflicted by a whip of several thongs, each of which was loaded with pieces of bone or metal. It could make pulp of a man's back. Another researcher says that many times when they were finished, literally the spine, it would rip through all the muscle, all the tendons, and the spine would be exposed. And the guy's naked, and they would whip him across his rear end as well. So literally he is just torn to pieces in his back.

This is our creator. This is God manifest in the flesh. He knows. He showed Isaiah what he was going to go through. If you look at Isaiah 52:14, it says, "Many were amazed when they saw him. His face was so disfigured. He seemed hardly a man. And from his appearance, one would scarcely know him as a man." So Jesus knows that by the time these four regiments of soldiers are going to be done wailing on him for about 10 hours, he's not even going to look like a human being any longer.

Then comes the crucifixion. He's got to carry the cross beam, which is usually 100 pounds. He is so beaten that eventually they got to get someone to help him because they realize he's not going to make it. Then they drive nails into this part of the hand. That is where the median nerve is. I read by a doctor that this nerve is the most sensitive nerve in a body. So every time he pulls up, this is six hours he's hanging on the cross. Every time you pull up to keep from suffocating, the pain that you experience from these median nerves is unbearable.

Here's the overarching question. Why would Jesus Christ, we are talking about the son of living God, the one who actually knows the end from the beginning, who said, "I am the lamb slain from the foundations of the world." Why would he undergo such agony and sacrifice to rescue us when we were totally at fault when we betrayed him?

Who for the joy set before him endured the cross. What was the joy set before him? Salvation, right? He saw something that kept him going. I've always said it's salvation, but I think I see a little deeper into this. He saw the prophetic vision. He saw the prophetic vision of a faithful bride. He foresaw beautiful intimate companionship, deep love and trust between he and his bride for all eternity to come. He saw us not just as brothers and sisters, not just as children of God, but he saw us reigning together as a bride and a groom for the rest of eternity. His devotion to us would be affirmed. Now, stop and think about this. His devotion to you and I would be affirmed by his suffering for us. But the same thing's true for us. Our devotion to him would be affirmed by our suffering for him.

Now, so many miss this and this is a deep truth and I missed this for years and I didn't fully see this until I was writing this book, but so many miss this and consequently numerous corresponding scriptures elude their understanding. Because when you understand this truth, all of a sudden a bunch of scriptures in the New Testament make sense. One of them would be Romans 8:17. We are heirs of God. What isn't an heir? Is somebody who inherits everything someone owns. Now, we're not talking about a rich man. We're talking about God Almighty. We are heirs of God and fellow heirs, joint heirs with Christ Jesus. Sharing his inheritance with him. Now listen to the next statement. This is Romans 8:17. Only we must share his suffering if we are to share his glory.

When you're talking about suffering, what does that look like? Because obviously taking everything that happened to Jesus and obviously then correlating it through a western filter where I'm looking at my life, what does that mean?

Suffering manifests in many ways. Physical persecution, mental persecution, affliction, hardship. Remember Jesus said when tribulation arises for the word's sake. Suffering is simply boils down to this. We live in a very cruel world that is run by the prince of the power of the air and his legions who is Satan himself and the demonic forces, the principalities, the powers, the rulers of darkness of this world and the spiritual wickedness all in high places. They rule, they run this world. So suffering is when my obedience to God is going to meet up with extreme resistance or any kind of resistance I should say by a fallen world. It's almost like see yourself going against the current of a very rapid flowing river. That's what's happening in the realm of the spirit.

So in other words, what I said right from the beginning, Lucifer was never tested. He was never in an atmosphere where there were enemies of God, where there was adversity towards obeying God. And so God never authors the trials we go through. The Bible says, "Don't be deceived. Let no one say when I am tested, I'm tested of God." Because God tests no one with evil. But God knew as the result of what our ancestor Adam and Eve did, that we would now be in a world that would resist us. And God didn't author that. Adam and Eve are the ones that caused that. But God said, "I'm going to use that to create a faithful bride." But even more, and this is the secret, when I asked this question when I was writing this book, it took a long time for me to hear from the Holy Spirit. I was like, why do people have to suffer? Why, Jesus, did you have to suffer this bad? Well, there's a hidden beauty and purpose to suffering if the suffering is handled correctly.

What's the difference though between self-imposed suffering versus suffering on behalf of the Lord?

Self-imposed suffering is when you do something stupid, you break the law. I'm thinking specifically like Saul. Saul was appointed immediately. He did not have the character or the suffering essentially that he needed to go through the longevity that you see happen with David. And then Saul has a moment of a shortcoming where he does not kill everything that God had told him to do. Does not do 100% of it. And then he falls and there's a self-suffering that took place there and he continues to spiral out of control. And then I look at David and obviously David's been tested for so many years then he goes through his suffering he falls he sins and then repentance takes place.

It all comes down to the root of pride. Saul had pride. He built a monument for himself when he won the battle. He felt like he could twist God's command and do it for the benefit and it be better. I mean, is it no different than Eve? She chose what was good for her when God said it wasn't good for her. Saul chose to spare the best sheep when it wasn't. So, this is all pride.

What caused Lucifer to fall? Pride. You ever wonder why the Bible says, "Don't let a person become a leader in the church if he's a novice?" Because he hasn't gone through the suffering yet of obeying God with adversity. If he's a new believer, that means the life he's lived, he's been flowing with the course of the world.

Do you know how Paul prepared the young churches of Lystra, Iconium and Antioch? These were the first three cities he goes to in Asia Minor. He comes back through and he said he strengthened the churches. He doesn't know if he's going to come back. He's had to take a ship to get to these places. And he said, 'We must through many tribulations arise and enter into the kingdom of God.' So he's saying to them, look, you didn't have this before you got saved. The world's got problems because there's sickness, disease, and all that. People go through troubles before they're saved. But what you don't experience is the adversity. So this is where unfortunately a church that lives in a comfortable society can easily now start compromising slightly changing what God's word says in order to avoid the conflict, the hardship, the persecution that will come.

There is a hidden beauty and purpose to suffering if you handle it correctly. Let me use an example. Your mother and I, we were deeply in love, but it wasn't a mature love. What do I mean by mature? It hadn't been tested. We get married, we're so in love. Can I tell you, I've been married to your mother now 43 years. Boy, have we gone through some hard times. You witnessed it. Now, we went through hard times because we were stupid and immature. We also went through a lot of hard times because there were people that actually wanted to destroy our marriage. There were people that fought against us, people that didn't like us, and it created a lot of pain. A lot of pain. I mean, one summer I wish I'd never had to live that summer. The pain was unbearable. What has happened as a result of that? Our love is so much more mature. It's so much deeper. It's so much stronger. The intimacy is so much stronger. So here's the paradigm shift. That pain forged in us an unbreakable unity, a bond that is sweeter than the day I said I do to her.

I started researching because this is when the Holy Spirit's leading me on this and I'm like, is there been any research done on this? And I found out a scientific journal wrote this. The research suggests that despite its unpleasantness, pain may actually have a positive social consequence acting as a sort of social glue that fosters cohesion and solidarity within groups. Our findings show that pain is a particularly powerful ingredient in producing bonding and cooperation between those who share painful experiences, says psychological scientist and lead researcher Brock Bastain of the University of New South Wales in Australia. The findings shed light on why camaraderie may develop between soldiers or others who share difficult and painful situations.

One example that was cited, the greatest discomfort a woman ever goes through is usually carrying a baby for 9 months. The nausea, all the stuff she has to go through. The greatest pain a woman probably will ever experience that most men couldn't experience is child birth, when they give birth to that baby. You would think the mother would resent the baby, but in actuality, they have done studies and the bond between the mother and the baby is so much deeper than the bond between the baby and the father. Which I've experienced that. It's like almost like a bond that has to grow between father and child. It's one level, but I've watched as it grows. Whereas mother, I'm watching the way that she'd look at our son and our daughter and I'm like I've never seen someone love something so much or someone so much and she just would just stare at them and there's no greater love right there. I mean, there is, but in a worldly perspective.

Here's another example. The bond between Navy Seals. Those who go to war together and suffer together experience a life bonding together. I mean, they are tight. I have seen what happens with soldiers who have gone through battle together and wounded together. Boy, the bond is so strong. Navy Seals often report that each member trusts each other fully because they are bonded together and lay down their lives for one another.

I remember when a soldier came up to me. He was retired. He had been in military 20 years, but he was a Green Beret. And I had mentioned the night before in the message, "Man, I want to be a Green Beret for God." So, he walks up to me the next day. I have no idea he's in the audience. And he's crying. This guy could split me in two. He's huge. And he's crying. And he said, 'You know, I really want to be a Green Beret for God. And he started telling me how he was in Vietnam, how people were killed. He said, my own captain or whatever you call the leader of a platoon. He said, I watched him die. I held him in my arms when he died. He said, "What I'm going to give you, I want to be a Green Beret for God, so I'm going to sew the most important thing of my life to you." And I'm like, "What?" He said, "What I'm about to give you is more important to me than my wife." And she's crying with him. And he pulls out of his back pocket his Green Beret knife. He said, "My captain put this in my hands right when he died. He said, "This is the most valuable possession I own." And I realized, wow, I saw the bond between him and his former leader.

Now science has confirmed this trauma bonding. Let me listen to Hebrews chapter 2. Let's go back to Jesus and us. Hebrews 2:10 says, "It was only right that God the Father should make Jesus through his suffering a perfect leader, fit to bring us into salvation." Now, the Greek word for leader here is amazing. It is defined as one who causes something to begin, an initiator, a founder, an originator. Just as a mother through pain brings forth her child without any involvement of the child, so too Jesus paid the costly price needed for our salvation independent of our involvement. Now, there's another initiating aspect of his sacrificial act. He's the founder or forerunner of embracing pain that fosters a closer bond in relationship.

Jesus did nothing wrong. No, he was perfectly innocent. He's the only innocent man that's ever walked this earth. Yet, listen to how we just talked about how badly he was beaten and tortured. That's why Peter says in 1 Peter chapter 2 that Jesus is our example because we're called to this. Called to what? Suffer. To suffer pain when we did nothing wrong.

Here's the big statement and this is what took me I think a day or two to get. Our creator willingly embraced excruciating suffering, not only to redeem us, but because he desired the closest possible bond with his beloved, his bride, the church. In other words, Jesus wanted to be really, really bonded with us. So, he was willing to suffer pain for us, not just for our redemption, but because he wanted to be so intimate with us.

And I look at my marriage and I realize now it took me 43 years to understand this because I'll gladly go through that pain again to get the closeness that I have to Lisa right now. I hated that pain when people tried to break us up, destroy us, tried to destroy Messenger International. I hated it when I was going through it. Sometimes there were days I felt like I said, "God, I just want to get out of this." Now I know what Jeremiah meant when he said, "I just want to get out of this." You know, this is unbearable.

We're not talking about self-imposed. We're talking about the pain that comes when you obey God in a fallen world. There is religious suffering where the pain becomes the focus, not obedience. See, that's what I'm talking about. The focus is obedience. However, there's resistance to the obedience by the demonic hordes that are in this world.

What about the bride? The bride's journey. What about our journey through suffering? Think about it. Jesus suffers for his bride. Is the bride going to suffer for him? Now, Western Christianity really recoils at this. And as a matter of fact, 20 years ago, I would have argued with you the other way. I would have argued on the side of Western Christianity.

Paul makes this statement in Philippians 3:10 that I didn't get fully until I understood what I'm sharing with you right now. He said, "I want to know Christ and experience the mighty power that raised him from the dead." Now listen to what he says. "I want to suffer with him." Sharing in his death. Is Paul understanding that in order to know Christ intimately, I've got to suffer the suffering that comes not when I'm doing something wrong, but when I'm obeying God and the forces of hell resist me. In other words, Paul's in jail, he's beaten with rods, he's, you know, Western Christianity, the suffering might be here. It may not be physical. Like it is in Vietnam, or you know, like it's in China or some other places in the world. Acts 5:41. Listen to this. The apostles left the high council. What happened in the high council? They were flogged. This is the same group of people that wailed on Jesus. They actually flogged the apostles. And that's exactly what the Bible says. The apostles left the high council rejoicing that God had counted them worthy to suffer disgrace for the name of Jesus.

Philippians 1:29. Folks, I'm reading straight from the Bible. Listen to these words. For you have been given not only the privilege of trusting in Christ, but also the privilege of suffering for him. The New King James says, "For to you it is granted not only to believe in Jesus, but to suffer for his sake." So the New King James uses the word granted. Let's say your son Azie is turning 15 years old and you look at Azie, your son, and you go for to you it is granted on your birthday to get a root canal. You're like, Azie would think, what kind of twisted humor does my dad have?

So what is going on here? What is the privilege in this? Obeying God in enemy hostile territory. Because when we obey God, it solidifies our bond.

Can I ask this just more around the solidifying the bond? There's also the side of it glorifies Christ. It glorifies there's I mean, we just say there's one benefit. Like Jesus said, "My joy is set before me." Like, and I understand you're saying, "I'm gonna glorify my father." But yeah, but there's that joy that that glorifies um that just glorifies Christ to people around you as they see you endure the sufferings and see you endure these things.

We certainly glorify Christ when we suffer for him. But there's a deeper thing I didn't see until just recently, and that is the bonding that occurs.

One more scripture, and then we'll go to what this bonding is because it's really important that we talk about what this bonding is. All right. 1 Peter 4:1 and 2. So since Christ suffered in the flesh for us, arm yourselves with the same thought and purpose, patient to suffer rather than fail to please God. This makes it clear. I'm going to obey God even if that means I'm going to suffer. For whoever has suffered in the flesh having the mind of Christ is done with intentional sin and has stopped pleasing himself in the world and pleases God.

So there's a lot accomplished when we obey God even though we're going to suffer. What is the eternal reward of our suffering? There is a verse of scripture that exploded. How many times have I read this scripture? Now when the Holy Spirit opens this up to me as I'm writing this book, The King is Coming, all of a sudden, the scripture makes so much sense. It's Second Timothy 2:12. If we endure hardship, we will reign with him.

What's the bride going to do? Reign with him. Revelation 2:26, Jesus says, "To all who are victorious, who obey me to the very end, to them I will give authority over all the nations."

So, this is where it really gets amazing. There are a lot of you because I've heard people say this when they're gut level honest. They go, I don't know if I'm really looking forward to heaven because they see heaven as like a boring non-stop worship service or we're going to be these ethereal beings floating on clouds.

I remember my comparative religions teacher told the whole class he said the reason why I don't believe in Christianity is because of heaven. He said I cannot grasp my head around doing anything for eternity. That idea of heaven is infinite. And so I can't grasp my head around that whether it's you know his favorite hobbies glorifying God. He had a hard time grasping that.

The eternal will consist of all the godly pleasures, joy, excitement, and beauty of this life, but be considerably better and perfect in every regard. There will also be experiences that this life could never support. Best of all, there will be no fear, pain, lack, turmoil, or any other corruptive or unpleasant aspects of this life. Scripture gives glimpses of insight as to what's coming. We glean from the parable of the miners that there will be multiple cities. And even more remarkable, some of us are going to manage a community. Others are going to oversee groups of cities. That's in Luke 19:11-19. So here's the question we got to ask. Where are these communities located? Who's their inhabitants? What will life be like in these neighborhoods, the towns, in the cities of the new earth? Will there be civilizations on other planets, other galaxies? Jesus shared that there are mansions being prepared for us. Now, a mansion in the Greek is defined as a very large, impressive, and stately residence. If our eternal home is this magnificent, what do the other structures look like? Will all buildings have the same architecture? What materials are they going to be made of? Will communities have identical cultures and environments? If we have such diverse civilizations among a present world, why not the new heaven and new earth? The Apostle John saw a great multitude which no one could number of all nations, tribes, peoples, and tongues standing before the throne. If, as some suppose, there's no diverse societies in the next life, why are there different ethnic groups in front of the throne? If we maintain our ethnic identity, then what way will the communities vary in the eternal state? But there's more. What I'm about to report is mind-blowing. That we'll actually judge the world. Paul said in 1 Corinthians 6, don't you know that you will judge the world? What's this going to look like? What's going to be the results of this judgment? Let's go even further. We're also going to judge angels. 1 Corinthians 6. Can you fathom this reality? Yes, we will decide alongside of our king how the saraphim, cherubim, archangels, and other ministering spirits will be rewarded. Our decision will be based on how they served us. These mighty beings have been assigned to us. They are all sent forth from God's throne to minister to the heirs of salvation. In essence, there will be much to do throughout eternity. We will never be bored. The most staggering reality is that our eternal job positions are being determined by how we live now in this life. This is going to seem like a fog compared to eternity. Eternity is so exciting. So much activity, so much building, so much going on. It's going to be nonstop exciting.

So now here's what we need to emphasize before we go into what is this bond. Eternal trust must be earned. Obedience in pain shows God he can trust us forever. God doesn't promote the talented. He promotes the trustworthy. You are not enduring to survive. You're actually enduring to reign. Jesus is actually searching for a trustworthy bride.

So, the big word is trust. I want to read you out of John's gospel. This is amazing. John 2:23 and 24. Because of the miraculous signs Jesus did in Jerusalem at the Passover celebration, many began to trust him. Now listen to this next statement. But Jesus didn't trust them because he knew all about people.

All right. So now we come three years later. We're at the last supper. Now what's happened in that last three and a half years? Multitudes have left Jesus. Even his own disciples left him. John 6:66 says many of his disciples left him. We've got one who betrays him. We've got Peter who even denies him, but that's a hiccup, but he's going to come back. Jesus knows it. But we've got people who have left him. We've got his mother and brothers that thought he was crazy.

Jesus looks at all these 11 guys after Judas is gone and says, "You were the ones that continue with me through my trials." In other words, what I was suffering, the ridicule, the resistance, the name calling, you guys stayed. Even when many of your fellow disciples left.

Jesus looks at these guys and says, "I no longer call you slaves because a master doesn't confide in slaves." The fact that he says, "I no longer call you slaves," means at one time they were looked at and merely regarded as servants. But Jesus looks at these 11 says, "Now something has shifted." You are my friends since I have told you everything the father tells me. A friend can you imagine? A servant is usually not a friend. A servant can be a friend, but he's usually not a friend. But a friend is trusted. A friend is always faithful. Now, can you imagine a brother who's a trusted friend? It's even closer.

I look at how close you are with your brothers. You guys have gone through some pain together. Your bond is so close.

This is what literally put tears in my eyes as I was writing. Proverbs 31:11 is about the virtuous wife. But could this be about the wife that Jesus is looking for? Listen to what it says. Proverbs 31:11, "The heart of her husband safely trusts her." Do you know how he starts that? Who can find a virtuous wife? Do you know what that word find actually means? Who can search out, seek, and find? In other words, has this bride endured with him through his trials? The five wise virgins made it all the way to the end. The five foolish, their lamps went out when it got really dark. The five wise were the ones that were brought into the wedding and the door was shut. So Jesus isn't marrying a crowd. He's marrying a crown worthy companion who will rule and reign with him forever and ever. And that's why Paul says, so we will ever be with the Lord. There is no chance that we'll be mutinous like Lucifer was mutinous. And if you've ever been concerned about that, I was just on a plane with somebody the other day who said, I have thought all my life, what will keep us from doing what Lucifer did? Lucifer was never tested in a cruel, wicked, evil world. We are being tested and getting the privilege of proving our trustworthiness to God right now.

So I want to encourage you, no matter what it cost you, when God tells you to do something from his word, do it because the eternal rewards are unfathomable.

No, I think it was great. I mean, this is the first time you've heard me share about this in full. It impact you the way it impacted me?

It's powerful. It's funny because I was even just looking before this about just the longevity of different people when authority was placed onto them immediately. How did they finish? When it was tested in them over a span of time, their results were completely different. You look at even John, John the Baptist is, yes, it could look like authority was placed on him immediately, but John the Baptist was out in the wilderness for years and years, 30 years. And then what does he say is that John says, "I must decrease so that he can increase." He understood the positioning.

I think that's probably one of the biggest things that we can look at whether through this suffering or anything like that is the positioning that needs to take place inside of us to get underneath godly leadership. I think there's to the degree where it's like you need men and women of God that can speak into your moments of hardship because I've watched as so many people have navigated suffering and I've watched as so many of them have given up and they've walked away from the faith or they've just become bitter and cold. I've looked at the people that has been placed in their life specifically their spiritual leadership. Have they not told them what they need to tell them and been a father or a spiritual leader or mother in this instance to them or the individual has not listened and opened up their ear to their spiritual father or mother. And so I think just above all of that is being underneath authority. And seeing that is going to help um, kind of even tie all this together.

It's really sobering when you look at Jesus saying in Matthew 24 that because of offenses, many many are going to fall away. Because of not having the ability to endure to the end. If you look at the parable of the sower, he said,
