TITLE: Why Some Christians Will Miss the Rapture
SPEAKER: John Bevere
CHANNEL: John Bevere TV
SOURCE_URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-cWldrdYFc
PUBLISHED: NA
DURATION_MIN: 0.0
SOURCE_TYPE: sermon
---

Wake up. You're totally aware of what's happening with AI in our country, what's going on in our government, what's going on in Israel, what's going on in the Gaza Strip. You're awake that way. You're asleep in the spirit. I don't want anyone ever looking at me and screaming at the great white throne judgment. Why don't you tell me the truth? If you associate with unbelievers and you tether yourself to unbelievers, you will start falling asleep. We live in an onslaught of worldliness, of death. It's all masked with delight, happiness, laughter. I'm concerned for all these people that are watching this program thinking this is normal when in reality it's death.

So we're talking about the seven churches in the book of revelation. Why would I spend so much time talking about it? Because it's an apocalyptic book. It's talking about the time period of the second coming of Jesus. We are living in that time period. And there is such an urgency in me almost to the point where I was laying in bed the other night 2:00 in the morning and I'm reading about people that had had near-death experiences and experienced hell. Well, and then what if we took it serious as if these are letters to our day and age where like there's things that we can take from here and you're like, "Oh, I would love to hear a letter straight from Jesus to the American church or the..." Let me say this though. Okay, so if you got seven churches and this is so close to the time of the original apostles. Yeah. All right? Cuz these churches were in 90 AD. So we're not even in the second century. And this is Jesus's words. And five out of the seven get sternly corrected. Yeah. Does Jesus correct them because he wants to be mean, harsh, and rude? No. He loves them. He died for us. So show me somebody that's not correcting. Yeah. And I'll show you somebody that really doesn't care. They just want to win you over. They just want your approval. They just want your accolades. They just want your money. I mean that that I'm not interested in that. I'm interested in Jesus looking at me one day and saying, "Son, thank you for being faithful to tell my beloved church that I gave my life for that is my bride the truth."

And I think that's why John the Baptist had such urgency. John the Baptist was sent to prepare the way of the Lord, right? He is not, you know, speaking nice, flowery, kind words to make everybody feel comfortable in their lukewarm condition in their fallen state in, you know, he he looks at him and says, "Hey, quit saying quit saying this that we've got Abraham as our father." God can raise up stones from these Abrahams. I feel like the spirit of God is saying, "Quit saying, I prayed a sinner's prayer." Because God can raise up faithful sons and daughters from the hood, from the slums, from the the jungles of of of of South America. He can find them. And so, I so love the American people. I love this nation. I have been a patriot at heart, but I'm a believer first. And I hope that people in our nation listen to me because I'm going to ask this big question today. Okay, you ready for the big question? All right. Are there are there quote Christians that are going to miss the rapture, that are going to miss the catching away of the church? I believe in this church of Sardis, Jesus gives us a glimpse. Yeah. And I'm going to boldly state it. Okay. And I'm not saying true Christians. I'm saying people that really believe they're Christians, but they're not. Wow. Okay. Because right now, we got a lot of, you know, Jesus four times warns about deception. Yeah. All right. They they said, "What's it going to be like right before your second coming?" He said four times in one chapter, chapter Matthew 24, go look it up. Be careful that you're not deceived. Be careful. Be careful. Be careful. I mean, we're just going along the status quo. We're just going along like, oh, everything's great. You know, I go to church once a week. I've prayed a sinner's prayer. I read my Bible, you know, once in a while, but we're we're lost in the world's ways.

Yeah. Well, and I actually think even with the like evolution of AI and social media and everything like that is you actually have a lot more people that are searching for something real. They're like, I'm tired of actually being deceived. I'm tired of seeing one thing on social media than a completely different thing behind the the walls. And then I'm tired of seeing all these things that are happening. And they're like, actually tell me how it is. And finally, like someone please tell me what it is is that the word of God is saying, what is it that he's speaking to? What does this look like right now? how I should be living. And so I do see a positive within that where I'm like I've talked to more and more people who are like, man, I I just I've gone through this motions of just believing anything that sounded good. Now I'm like, no, I want truth. I want the real truth and I want to know what's happen.

You know, I learned a long time ago, especially with young people, not with people my age, young young people, I can give it to them as strong as I want as long as they know three things. Number one, I believe what I'm preaching. Number two, I live what I'm preaching. Number three, I care about them. Yeah, I was gonna say care about them. You know, people can tell if you care. And I I really care. I don't want anyone ever looking at me and screaming at the great white throne judgment. Why didn't you tell me? Yeah. Why didn't you tell me the truth? Mhm. And um you know, u I I just I had a horrible thing happen two weeks ago. I spoke to 21 governor, well actually 20 governors. One got up and walked out. Um, but I I I didn't hold back and and and and the governor over the National Governor's Association gave a book to everyone. And and you know, I I remember thinking, okay, I'm going to speak here. This governor is going to hear what I have to say, so I'm going to be nice to him and and kind of go out of my way and actually say some things that you actually Yeah. And I remember he he got up and walked out. And um it was a very powerful meeting. But I remember the next two days I I cried out to God. I cried out to God. I said, "God, I'm so sorry." Yeah. I I assumed he would be there to hear. And I should have been straightforward with him because if I really cared about him, I would have been straight forward with him. And you know what? I I I just I learned from it. I I've just got to remember it. It doesn't matter what what what is what is the person's face looking at me? Why does that matter? Uhhuh. Because somebody may go, "Oh, thank you." Or somebody may go, "Are you kidding? You're crazy." Or, "I'm I'm going to hurt you. I don't even like what?" Well, and then also, I think so many people are used to being often times like told what they want to hear. And sometimes when you tell them what they want to hear, it's like, "Yeah, that's nothing new." Like, or they're just kind of like they're going through like, "Yeah, I've heard that before." And then you actually lose the ability to speak into their life. Whereas I I I've known when I've been in conversations with young people and I've talked to them and I've told them like, "Hey, you just told me all these things. You know this is wrong. Like you know you shouldn't like this is not what you should be doing." Like I almost see them like shift and be like I actually so value that you said that. Like you didn't just be like well you getting there. It's like no you understand that's wrong. And it's like almost if you would have caught their attention by not just flattering. It's like telling hey this is actually wrong. Sometimes you think, "Oh, the worst could happen is they get up and leave the room." But you told them what you thought they wanted to hear and they still get up and leave the room. But then other times it might be, hey, you tell them maybe what they're not wanting to hear and it will get their attention and be like that wake up moment that they've been hoping and believing for.

I remember I remember when I was um in ministry, like this was like 30 years ago. Yeah. I'm preaching in this church and this 18-year-old got up and stormed out. He was so mad and he was sitting in the like the second row so everybody sees it cuz it's only like a 150 people in the church. And I remember I thought I'm not I'm not drawing back. And I kept going and going and when I was done with the service that kid was waiting on me and he was in tears and he said I was so mad and he said what do I need to do? And that kid got saved. Yeah. you know, and so um the truth the truth will set people free, but we got to speak it in love. Of course, which I know we've already talked about half a we talked a lot about Sardis affluent. Even the people in the world envied Sardis, they said, "Oh my gosh, they they they live such an opulent lifestyle." And so they didn't care in Sardis whether you serve Jesus Christ or whether you serve their idols. Yeah. Okay. Very similar to America. Unfortunately, it rubbed off totally wrong in this church. Instead of using that liberty and that freedom to be even more bold to preach the gospel, they started assimilating themselves and becoming like the culture. And so Jesus says this right to the messenger of the church of Sardis. This is a message from the one who has the sevenfold spirit of God and the seven stars. I know the things you do. Again, speaking to actions and that you have a reputation for being alive, but you are dead. Okay, this isn't a preacher. This isn't a pastor. This is Jesus Christ saying to a church, not a city, okay, your reputation is you're alive, but you are dead. Okay, this is why I'm so passionate right now because as I was praying this morning, I was up at 5:00 out praying on the tennis courts. Then I'm I'm going over these notes. I'm like, Jesus, how can I not be so bold when you were so bold? And I'm thinking, all of a sudden, the thought comes to me, Ardan, what would Jesus say to the American church? Let's say we're at 90. We're at 90 AD and some great man of God has the revelation of Jesus Christ and Jesus says to the messenger of the Church of the United States, right? You have a name that says you're alive. Okay, we we talked about in our previous podcast what it what a church would look like that has a reputation for being alive. Let's talk about believers. Let's bring it down to the believer because we didn't talk about that. What would give a reputation for being alive and being a Christian? I've prayed the sinner's prayer. Yeah. Right. I attend church. I attend a fellowship group. I listen to Christian music. What? Growing, I would say, too. I'm growing. I I I associate with believers. Yeah. Uh somebody asks me uh that's a Christian, somebody looks at me, let's let's say I'm on a pickle ball court and they look at me and say, "Are are you a believer?" Oh, yeah. I'm a believer. They're quick to acknowledge it. So, they have a reputation. Yeah. for being alive. But Jesus looks right at him because he loves him so much and says, "You're dead." Mhm. Wow. Yeah. Okay. So then what's the next word? Wake up. Yeah. So in other words, wake up means you're asleep. Mhm. Okay. That's huge. You're asleep. You are in you are in essence not cognizant of the real world. Yeah. You're sleepwalking. You're no you you're totally aware what's happening with AI in our country. You're totally aware with what's going on in our government, what's going on in Israel, what's going on in in the Gaza Strip. You're you're awake that way. You're asleep in the spirit. Yeah. But you think you're alive. All right. Wake up. Strengthen what little remains. Now listen to that. The word remains really caught my attention because I didn't really talk about this. You and I didn't talk about this. what little remains. That means at one time they had it. Mhm. Okay. And the reason I know at one time they had it because he said, "For even what is left is almost dead." Oh my gosh. It's like he's leaving no wiggle room here. All right. I find that your actions, so what's causing this sleep? Their actions. Your actions do not meet the requirements of of our God. In other words, they are taking the gospel lightly. They are just associating with the gospel, with the epistles, associating with being a believer, but they're not living it. Your actions don't meet the requirements of my God. This is straight from the Bible. I haven't even gotten off the Bible yet. Okay? This is Jesus's words. They're in red. They're the only red words you're going to find outside of the Gospels with the exception of two places in the epistles and the book of Acts. Okay? So, I think we should listen to these. Mhm. You know, some people go, "Well, that was Jesus speaking before, you know, in the Old Covenant, in the Gospels, in they make up all these excuses. Hey, this is Jesus speaking after he's been raised from the dead. This is Jesus speaking to churches. This is not Jesus speaking to to the Jewish people in the Gospels." I mean, I'm It's all valid. I I don't want anybody to misunderstand me, but I'm saying, how much more direct is he being right now? Yeah. So, he said, "Okay, I find that your actions do not meet the requirements of God. Go back to what you heard and believed at first." So obviously strengthen what little remains means at first they heard the true gospel. At first they were walking with God and then it began to die. They began to fall asleep. They began to walk away. Mhm. This is serious. Okay. Serious stuff. And I'm just going to ask you, you're you're watching this podcast right now. You're listening to this podcast. I think you need to do what the Apostle Paul said to the Corinthian church. Examine yourselves to see if you're in the faith. He said, "Don't you understand that bad company, evil company, corrupts good morals?" In other words, evil company. If you associate with unbelievers and you tether yourself to unbelievers, you will start falling asleep. You will become insensitive. I mean, we are seeing this. There's this couple and you know, a lot of people were talking about I know it's a couple months ago. It was a big topic, but you know, they're very popular and they're very sweet. Yeah. But they have decided to highlight three couples on their seasonlong program. And one of the quote couples, which is ridiculous, is two married men. First of all, how can you use God's term marriage for two men? That's ridiculous. Call it a if you want to call it a a a union or a um what do you want to what's the word I was looking for? Anyway, relationship something. Don't take the word marriage because God said marriage is between a man and a woman. Yeah. Okay. So, it's it's like what are you doing taking God's term that he put right in the book of Genesis? Jesus supports in the Gospels and you're using it for two men. So, here's a a couple that professes Christianity, tells the public we're Christians, and they're putting two men that have adopted two boys. I feel so bad for those two boys. Yeah. Never going to have a mother's nurture what God intended. Mhm. Never going to see that union that God intended. No. I mean, that's one side. A civil union. That's the word I was looking for. Okay. So, so now I I I what's really scary is the couple are so sweet. They're so They're so loving. They're so kind. They're so adorable. But yet, they've done something that literally is an insult in the face of Jesus Christ. Mhm. Here he has nails driven in his hands and feet. Yeah. To set us free from something that Leviticus makes so clear is an abomination in the sight of God. Paul makes so clear in Romans chapter 1 that when we push God away, all of a sudden men start lusting after men, women start lusting after women. And this is a result of us pushing God away. And I call myself a Christian and I platform them to the entire country. Mhm. Okay. I'm I'm I'm not being mean, harsh, and with this couple. Okay. What I'm saying is how many people are going to watch this and go, "Oh, you can be a Christian and and and and and do what is an abomination to God?" Yeah. I know. I keep interrupting you because I'm so passionate about No, I mean, I just have questions around it. Obviously, let's talk. Well, I think I think obviously the big big argument and even kind of going what back what you were saying because I thought it was good if we clarify because you were talking about like you know spending time with unbelievers and that thing is I think you obviously people can say well Jesus spent a lot of time with unbelievers and Jesus was never conformed by the unbelievers. He controlled the he controlled the atmosphere. So I think clarifying that but then I think the other side of what people because I'm I'm going to say this I want everybody to hear it. We're supposed to c we're supposed to be bedside to the world, not jump in bed with the world. Well, exactly. And that's where I think the other side of what people will be saying is, well, like, well, how do I show love like to people like they could even use this couple being like, well, what they're trying to do is they're trying to love on these people and then hopefully that will help or hopefully that will do something. It's like that's not the right way of doing it. And that's that's leaving the cracks that are essentially what led to Sardis' demise. I mean if you look at history it's actually they were not watchful and the Persians crept in unnoticed and took full advantage of the city of Sardis. So they were sleeping and that happened. So I mean like for you dad like obviously a father in the faith like speaking into that why is that the wrong approach? Okay God is love and if you look at first John and and and John's the apostle of love right he said this is the love of God that we keep his commandments. All right. So, in essence, if you go back to the garden, you know, Eve chose what was good for her outside of what God said. Yeah. All right. If we define a love that is outside of what God says, if is outside of his commandments. Okay. Now, there's over 500 commands in the New Testament. Okay. All right. So, if we define love outside of that, it's not really true love. It's the world's love. Yeah. But we've diluted it, right? or excuse me, it's the world's love and we diluted the love of God and now we're calling something that the world like calls kindness. Yeah. And um acceptance um what help me with some words. The world the world would say things like um oh gosh help me. Um you're talking about like endorsement kind I endorse I embrace. I accept. Yeah. No matter what you want to do, what you want to believe, I I'm okay with it, I'm just going to be kind to you no matter what. Now, if I truly loved, I would be patient and kind, but I also wouldn't compromise the word of God. Wouldn't be accepting into that. I I I would say I love you. You I I love We have a very very dear couple that is very close to this ministry. They teach a lot for our ministry. They've got a son. Yeah. They've got That's what I was going to ask you about because we've talked about that in the past. We talked about the that specific son and then the dynamic there of even him uh the father being like, well, what do I do with the wedding? Like, how am I supposed to navigate that? How am I supposed to handle that? So, I mean, and he just made it so clear to his son, son, I love you. I'll always love you. Yeah. Your mother loves you. We'll always love you. But we absolutely do not condone what you're doing. What you're doing is wrong in the eyes of God. What you're doing will bring nothing but sorrow to your life. It'll bring destruction eventually to your life. Yeah, but I want you to know I'm always here for you. I'm always anytime you need me. And you know, I mean, the son went through a quote divorce. I don't know how you can get a divorce when you're never really married in God's eyes, but anyway, how could two men get a divorce? It's a governmental divorce. Correct. Andor, you know, his dad and mom were right there for him, but then he went right kind of back. But, you know, we're praying. We're believing that his eyes are going to be open. He's going to Because there's only one reason God commands us. Do you know why? To protect us. Yeah, he loves us. He He's saying this will lure you into a trap. If you're watching somebody that's walking right towards quicksand. Let's say the quicksand is very very quick. It will swallow a person up in 60 seconds and there's no way getting out of it, right? Unless you have a miracle or somebody helps you get out of it and somebody's walking right to that quicksand and you don't say anything to that person about walking into that quicksand and you know that quicksand's going to take his life. That's the most unloving thing you can do. Yeah. You you you absolutely do not love that person. Let them walk into that death. Yeah. Well, and can I say this is like this is kind of taking it to the I think not the extreme, but the understanding of what we have to be doing where it's just sin in general. And I know people can classify like different sins and they try to put them like, oh, this one's more extreme this. It's just sin in general. Is the understanding of sin getting a foothold into your life? What that will do? Because I I look at that couple and I think there was at a time they probably would have had a different stance. And I know I'm just speaking for them. That could be wrong. But the thing is is go back to what you first believed. Yeah. That's what Jesus said. Exactly. That's what he's saying to the churches. But then um the thing is is they probably have been in that environment where it's hey there's all these people like we we had these conversations. We've heard people's stories. We've understand like oh man this is just their tendency. And and what happens probably over time is it just begin to be like, "No, I I feel more for the person rather than what the word of God says, right?" And so then they're thinking, "Well, my love for that person because I do love this person means I need to like I've heard their I've expressed their their things. I' i've seen the way that they're they're, you know, navigating or leaning towards those things. It's like, you know, actually, I feel for them. You know, maybe it's okay." And then it just begins to slowly start dilute in their life which is kind of what exactly what the um church of Yeah. what Jesus is saying to the church of Sardis is like you are been lulled asleep to the things that are unmaking people essentially. So good. And so it's the same thing for our lives though. It's like you know the movies we watch like if you're watching movies that are are constantly having nudity or TV show that's constantly having nudity into it. Next thing you might know is you might you might be saying, you know what, I think it's completely fine if I watch pornography because they're nice people. Well, especially on the movies like not that unless I said pornography, not that, but I'm saying like it might be okay is you're you're starting to lull your conscious almost asleep in that way. Yeah. So, because you're you're allowing sin just to feel like it's it started out small. Maybe I starting to understand it a little bit more and it just begins to keep kind of unfolding. So the thing is we live in an onslaught, yeah, of worldliness, of death in this nation. It's all masked with delight, joy, uh, excuse me, uh, happiness, uh, laughter. Yeah. It's masked with kindness, um, niceness. Uh and and you got to realize that I mean God said in the Old Testament a guy can come along and perform an absolute miracle and if he doesn't if he does it in the name of a foreign god you are to stone him in the Old Testament. Right? Okay. So somebody can come with an aspect of love. They're nice. Okay. But they're not adhering to the commandments of God. So, it's got a form of godliness, but it denies the power of godliness. So, the what's what's what's tripping people up so much, and that's why I just couldn't wait to get on this podcast this morning. As you can tell, I came out of these blocks kind of strong. Okay. Is because it's the masking that's causing people to be lulled to sleep. Yeah. Okay. Let's say I I I I put, you know, a nice piece of mango around a piece of arsenic. Yeah. And I wrap that thing up and I hide that arsenic in it. And I give that to a little kid. That little kid's going to take that piece of mango cuz your son loves mango so much. I always bring him mango when I come see him. He's going to eat that thing and you know what? It's going to taste really good in his mouth. Yeah. It's going to taste good. It's going to smell good. Yeah. But the next thing you know it would kill him. Yeah. Okay. And Jesus loves this church. Wake up. Okay. Go back to what you heard and believed at first. So you just said it so beautifully. if they would just go back to where they first started reading their Bibles when they first got saved, they never would have platformed a couple like this. Because now here's the other problem. If you look at Paul, Paul talks about the Corinth, he talks about in the Corinthian church, 1 Corinthians 5, he says, you got, he says to this church, you have a man in your church that is sleeping with his stepmother. Yeah. And he says to this church, this is amazing. You're proud. Yeah. You're proud. Why are they proud? Because they think just loving and being kind and being nice to this guy will eventually get him out of this immorality, this sexual immorality. And Paul Paul rebukes the church because he said, "You're proud. You think your wisdom is better than God's." He said, "Here's what God says. Put that man out of the church." Yeah. And then he gives the reason. He said, "Because a little leaven leavenvens the whole lump. If I take a dough, okay, and I put leaven into it, that leaven will eventually spread throughout that entire dough. Okay, Paul said, what's going to happen is this thing's going to spread to the whole church. Yeah. You got all these young believers in the Corin church. They're going to think God's okay with sexual immorality. Yeah. There's nothing wrong with that. My concern is I I'm I'm concerned for all these people that are watching this program thinking this is normal. Yeah. When in reality it's death. Mhm. It will it will pull somebody away from their creator. It will pull somebody away from having fellowship, intimate fellowship, which every human being craves for. God put eternity in our hearts and now all of a sudden people are going, "Oh, I could be a Christian and I can live however I want to live." Yeah. And well, I I was going to say I think you know then the other side of that is you said obviously they're platforming which I mean that's that's their responsibility or their platform to steward that well. But then you have the reverse side of it where you have people probably even listening to this program that you know they know people that are in a same-sex relationship. They know people that are caught in sin. um they're not saved. The people that they know, they know that they're not walking with God, but they want to be a light to them, which I mean, I think, how is it that they represent and show that light to them and love them? Yeah. Give them beautiful things. Uh but hang on, let me make sure because you just said love them. I want to make sure people hear this because you said love them, but earlier you explained what love is because a lot of people have said, "Well, the couple platforming, they're just trying to love on them." But you showed that was not the right love. You're saying agape love like love on them the way that God has shown his love like the way God is love. So okay go ahead. So that means you don't you don't um you don't refrain from showing compassion and charity and goodness to them. But you make it abundantly clear. This is what I believe. God loved me before I got saved. Yeah. I'm loving you before but you're not saved. Yeah. Don't tell me you're saved because Jesus said I would know you by your fruits. I just want to make it clear to you. I love you. God loves you. But right now, you're on a pathway that's going and this is what this dad has done with his son. Yeah. And this dad and mom made it very clear. You're on a path to death right now. This is what I believe. But I love you and I'm going to stay with you. I I'm I'm going to stay with you in the sense that anytime you need me, I'm going to be there. He said at one point, you know, that the behavior got a little bit bad because of the way he was treating the mother. And he said, "You know, you got to leave the house for a while." And you know, he came back and said, "I'm sorry, but you know, he knew he could come back. He knew his parents loved him." Yeah. And I'm believing that that young man's going to be set free. And you never know what the people have never been told. Like I I remember, and hopefully you're okay with me sharing the story, but I remember we were at a church and you preached the message on killing kryptonite and you very firmly like you went through and you talked about those who do these things will not inherit the kingdom of God. And you went through the list, but you went to the listuality in it. Yeah. But before you went to the list, you stopped with sexual sin, which you said, "Look, I'm first on the list." Like, I'm not throwing I'm not throwing stones. And you're showing like, "Look, we're all sinners." And I was bound to pornography for six years of my life and got free in 85, which I think that's even the most beautiful way to show and bring someone with barriers down is show like, "Look, I I I was struggling with sin. Like, I had this. God saved me." And I loved how you did that. But then you went through the list and in that service I remember afterwards I had two women come up to the book table and they were like, "Can I please buy this book?" And then they begin to tell me. They said, "We have been attending this church for about a year now. We are a couple and no one has told us that what we are doing is sin." And they said, "We we want to both buy this book. We're we broke up right away." and they were just waiting for someone to tell them was wrong. But then I remember so clearly as I found out later that the pastor had called you in between services and said, "Hey, we don't address those things publicly. We address them in small group." And so even though the pastor's thinking like, "No, these things are being addressed." You have a couple or you two women that are in the church that like they were just waiting for someone to tell them what you're doing is wrong. They deep down and they deeply they knew it. And as soon as they hear it, they're like, "Oh, we love God more than this." It's like we're we're done and they buy the book and everything. And so you never know what people are waiting to hear if you tell them it in the right way, in the loving way, and the compassionate way. It's so important that people heard what you just said. It's just so important. We're not trying to bring people into bondage. We're trying to actually get people free. Yeah. People, we bring ourselves, we brought ourselves into bondage. Jesus came to liberate us. He came to open our eyes. Yeah. So go back to what you heard and believed at first. Hold firm. Hold to it firmly. Repent. Repent means I'm going to let go of my stupidity of the way I've been thinking and embrace the word of God and turn to me again. If you don't wake up, so if you don't wake up, we've heard wake up twice. I will come to you suddenly as unexpected as a thief. Okay, here's where we get to our question. First of all, let me address this wake up. I want to take us to Ephesians 5:es 5-15. I'm going to just read in a few of the verses. Paul makes this statement. You can be sure. I don't know how much clearer that could be that no immoral, impure or greedy person. Now, immoral means you're having sex outside of marriage or you are looking at pornography on a regular basis. You can be sure that no immoral, impure, or greedy person will inherit the kingdom of Christ and God. For a greedy person is an idoltor worshiping the things of this world. Now, listen to what he says next. Don't be fooled by those who try to excuse these sins, for the anger of God or the wrath of God will fall on those who disobey him. Don't participate in the things people do. Then he goes on to say, carefully determine what pleases God. So don't do this half-hazardly. Don't think that social media is going to inform you on what God wants you to do. Right? Take no part in the worthless deeds of evil and darkness. Instead, expose them. That's what we're doing. When I read this, I've read it many, many times. I felt like the Holy Spirit was like, son, are you going to expose this? Are you just going to keep skirting it or are you going to expose it? And I thought, I got to expose it because I'm thinking, yeah, for every eight people that get really angry at me right now, what if there's two people like those two women