TITLE: You’re Being Set Up...
SPEAKER: John Bevere
CHANNEL: John Bevere TV
SOURCE_URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v16PIDlr8Xo
PUBLISHED: NA
DURATION_MIN: 0.0
SOURCE_TYPE: sermon
---
This is the way you respond. This is what you do. This is what you do." And your mom was kind of upset with me. She was wanting me to. But I thought, you know, I didn't I didn't like author hit this teacher's cruel behavior. I mean, this was repeatedly going on day after day after day. I didn't author this. I didn't instigate it, but I'm going to sure teach my son through it. So, I said, "This is this is what I want you to do, Essen." I said, "I want you to go up to your teacher when you can mean this." I said, "You're going to pray for your teacher. I want you to start praying for your teacher every single night and when you can do this," I'm talking to a third grader. I said, "When you can do this, I want you to go to your teacher when there's no one no one in the class." I said, "After after hours," I said, "do it in between classes." But remember, they're not switching rooms at third grade. This is his only teacher. And I want you to tell him, "I'm sorry that I'm constantly talking back to you. I'm correcting you." Cuz he'd go, cuz I said to him, I said, "When he started yelling at you, what did you what did you do?" He goes, I yelled back and said, "It wasn't me. It was them that was talking." And I said, "Okay, here's here's where the problem is. You're defending yourself and instead of letting God defend you." And and and so I started giving him the wisdom of what to do. I said, "You just keep your mouth shut." Don't say anything. And when you get a chance, I want you to go to that teacher and I want you to say, "I'm sorry that I mouth back, mouth off, that um I correct you." He you know, but but dad, he goes, "But dad, he really does correct me when I'm not wrong." I said, "I don't care. You have no place to talk back to your teacher and talk disrespectfully to your teacher. You apologize for that behavior." So he goes and he apologizes. This is amazing. It turned that teacher's heart. Do you know that who got now every year in this school a student in a classroom got character of the year award? Do you know who got character of the year award given by that very teacher? Addison.

So let me ask you this because obviously today's day and age there is a lot of mis miscues that are happening specifically let's say let's stick on the classroom but I know this is a large topic but like I remember even I had an instance when I was in high school where a teacher had put a basically pornographic novel in front of us and mom was reading to it it to me one night and cuz I was too tired and she freaks out understanding what she's reading and she immediately goes to the school and as she should. That's that's what I'm trying to ask is is where is that line? Because I think you're seeing parents stand up in school boards. Yes, they should. Students stand up in front of school boards and addressing those things. But you're saying because that's sin. Sin. So, the Bible makes it really clear that um if if authority tells us to sin, there's a higher authority. Peter looked at the Sanhedrin and said, "Whether we obey God or you, you judge." Because the Sanhedrin, who were the leaders, the political leaders and spiritual leaders in Israel, said, "You are not to teach or preach in this name of Jesus." That's a sin because Jesus's word was, "Go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature." So Peter says, "Whether we obey God or you, you judge." However, Paul, if you go to Acts 23:4 and 5, Paul looks at the leader and says, "You whitewashed tomb," right? He just lets lets him have it. The soldier that had struck Paul for what he said looks at Paul and says, "Are you going to revile or insult the high priest like that?" And do you know what Paul said? Forgive me, I didn't know he was high priest because scripture says, "You shall not speak against the ruler of your people." Now, he's no longer high priest. Jesus is Paul's high priest, but he is the leader of the political um of assembly of of of Israel, but he is the leader of government in Israel. So Paul repented of calling him a whitewashed tomb. Now this is where understanding truth helps us to navigate when we're unfairly treated.

I just read this morning in my Bible reading was Romans 13, one of the Bible readings. I'm going through u Romans right now, Psalms, and the book I'm going through is Micah. And um Paul makes this statement. He said that we are to honor government leadersh. And I it brings me back to the time when President Clinton was elected as president of the United States. There was a man who became extremely popular and he became popular on television. This back in the days we didn't have social media. We didn't have iPads. We didn't have iPhones. We didn't have any of that. And so I kept hearing from people for nine months. You got to watch this guy's television program. He's hilarious. And he is bashing, you know, what what the government's doing and all this liberalism. And so I'm in California. I come in from a conference and I and and I jump on the bed with my I have my running suit on and I just thought I want to see something. And I I was looking for headline news or something like that or something sports because that's that's usually what I like to watch just to wind down a little bit. I actually don't even do that at all anymore. I can just go straight to bed. But I remember this guy was on there. He had a wild tie on and he was hilarious. And I started thinking, "This is the guy everybody's been telling me to watch." You know, I saw his name and I thought, "Oh, this is great." And Ardan, for 20 minutes, I'm laughing hysterically, okay, cuz the guy is really funny. And everything he's saying about President Clinton and his administration, it was true, but I felt like I was going to throw up inside. Finally, I got the remote. And I clicked it off and I said,"Lord, why is it that everything this man's saying is is true? He He's hilarious, but I feel so grieved in my spirit." And I heard the Holy Spirit speak so clearly to me. Acts 23:4, "Don't speak against the ruler of your people." And I went, "Oh my gosh." And then I started thinking, all all these scriptures started flooding my soul. Pray for those in authority. Give thanks for those who are in authority. Honor those who are in authority. I mean, all these scriptures, first Timothy chapter 2, Romans 13, on and on and on. First Peter, right? And I went, "Oh, wow. God, you never said criticize those in authority." You never said call them out. You said pray for them, honor them, bless them, don't speak against them. That changed my life. And you know, up to that time, I couldn't stand President Clinton. I'm going to I don't care if he sees this podcast. You know what God started having me do is he started having me pray for President Clinton. Every day, the Lord said, "I want you to pray for President Clinton." Do you know before he left office, I absolutely had such a heart and a love for that man. And I realized that love was developed. It was the love of God in me, but it developed. And and listen, I am so glad that before the Monica Lewinsky thing happened where the ab abominable act was done in the Oval Office of the White House, I was praying for him because boy, you talk about really critical and outspoken. I would have been.

Now, John the Baptist looks right at the king Herod and says, "You are breaking God's law." Right? He he calls out he was assigned as the man of God to go and bring that corrective action to that king and speak the truth to that king for the king's benefit. But he wasn't going around saying, "Ah, he's a jerk. He's this and and entertaining all the people talking about him." We have to learn how to keep and maintain honor for the position.

Because Peter writes, he this is amazing. 1 Peter chapter 2, he says, "Honor all people, love the brotherhood, fear God, honor the king." Do you know who the king is that he's writing about there historically? And it's interesting he says twice like he could have just covered the king within all honor all people. Honor all people, love the brotherhood, fear God, honor the king. This is first Peter 2 verse 17. It's the verse right before what I'm about to read. He's talking about Herod. He's talking about King Herod. This was Herod agria one who was the person who beheaded James and then arrested Peter and was going to kill Peter because he was getting favor with the Jews. And if you read about Herod, King Herod agripple one, he actually murdered Christians to gain political favor with with Rome with Caesar. And yet Peter writes and says honor him. Now how in the world are you supposed to honor somebody who's murdering Christians in cold blood? It's not easy. But this is what you do. You're not honoring his behavior. You're honoring his position.

I wouldn't have voted for him. Didn't vote for him. And this is what I think I I think people need to almost disconnect in a way is we vilify people so much to the degree that we forget that God sent Jesus to die on the cross for that individual as well. And so looking at Bill Clinton, you're able to see Bill Clinton through the eyes of God. I see that he is a a a creation made by you and I I love that individual and I want to see him I want to see saved. I love that man. So you you you've not vilified him in such a way that you're looking at him like that man should rot in hell for the rest of his life.

I I see this even from a perspective of church leaders, which I feel like we need to talk about huge, but then also of course is politicians as you kind of just went into right there of navigating the one who is overseeing those things and how we walk in humility and grace and also appropriate within our responses or our rights. My my governor right now is is completely for abortions and is trying to push abortions as a a a main thing within his his term. You're telling me I'm supposed to honor that? Honor his position, not his behavior. It is a sin to murder innocent babies. It is It is violating the sixth commandment of the Ten Commandments. It is shedding innocent blood. And it is an absolute sin. So, here's what you have to lineate. There's a position that we honor, but there's a behavior that is sin that we do not honor and we speak out against.

Which cuz obviously they're talking about a monarchy. We're dealing with a democracy. So how do we navigate that with even a democracy of understanding the rights that we do have? Well, I mean, you have no business saying anything if you don't vote. And number two, if you're voting because your mom and dad voted that way or your mom and dad voted that way or most of the people in my tribe vote that way, you're out. You're you're you're wrong. You need to vote according to righteousness. We are supposed to be involved. If you look at almost every one of the prophets were involved with the kings. I mean, we have people that are involved in leadership of nations in the Bible. So, we're supposed to be involved. And that's why I so appreciate it when believers are active in their city council. They're they're running for governor. They should because righteousness exalts a nation. But sin will bring down a nation. Can you keep your question in mind? You know when this began with me is when President Clinton got into office. I was depressed for three days. And what and the third day, you know what God let me wallow in my depression for three days. Third day God spoke to me and he said nobody gets into office without me knowing about it. And all of a sudden I realized, wait a minute, the authorities that exist are appointed by God. Appointed. Now listen, let me make this really clear. Okay. Their position is appointed. Their behavior is not. So you can be appointed by God into a position and have corrupt behavior. That behavior will be judged because God entrusted you with a position of leadership. Well, no, what you always say is all all authority is of God. That does not say all authority is godly. And so understanding the difference between say that again. That was really good. I know I've said that from pulpit and I forgot. All authority is of God. That's Romans 13:1. It does not say all authority is godly. The behavior is not of God. The position is. We honor the position.

So, so last question around political area is what about impeachment coming into this because you're saying the appointed the appointed so no one gets into office without me knowing about it the ability that we have as a as a people group to impeach individuals. How does that play into it and how do we like system set up by our forefathers? Our forefathers said, "Hey, if we get they were trying to prevent a a person in executive power in the United States having the kind of corrupt behavior that they just came out of in Europe, they were trying to protect the American people from it." So they gave the ability. So that's why you got the legislative branch, you've got the executive branch, and you've got the judicial branch because the three branches are supposed to be able to protect the people so that their voice can continue to be helping uh in the government unlike a monarchy in Europe. Now, our forefathers set that up that way. They were godly men. They prayed. But the thing is, we, you know, we aren't under a monarchy, but we still are under leaders. So, well, and it's having the ability to go through it the correct way in my mind. Yes. Right. It's it's you know if they're abusing their power in a way that is not deemed correct within the system that was established by our government then it's going about it in the correct way through the system that was established by our government. Not just standing there and not doing anything about it and just blaspheming or or staring we've just gone all out. Let me just blow let me let me just blow minds with truth. Romans 13. For this reason I raised you up. This is God speaking. I raised you up, Pharaoh. For this reason, I raised you up that I might make my known in all name known in all the earth. Okay, let's stop and think about this. Who put Israel under Pharaoh? God told Abraham hundreds of years, your people are going to be in a land now. And Joseph said what we talked about last time. Joseph said this was actually God. This was God. And he said it wasn't his brothers. It was God. This was God bringing you here to preserve and and they stay there for 430 years. God knows the end from the beginning. He knows that this pharaoh Ramsy's 2 is going to be which wasn't that amazing. We were in Egypt. He was the only king they ever discovered. They they had his his body in Were you you weren't there? Yeah. No, I was there. They had found residue of They found salt water in his body in his in that soaked. I mean, that to me was mind-blowing. But anyway, I and I'm sitting there. I remember when I'm I'm looking at the I'm looking at the very bone structure and I remember it still had some hair. Um of the man who stood against Moses and God. Okay. The museum in Egypt. That's in Cairo. Um for this reason I've raised you up. Now let's talk about Pharaoh. Pharaoh is oppressing the people of God so bad. They've got stripes on their back. They're living in slums. He's actually killing their their children. Okay. What is going on? I mean, did did it was actually the hand of God that brought the people of Abra Abraham's descendants into into Egypt. And God is the one that said, "I raised you up." Yeah. He didn't say, "You got elected. I raised you up." Because nobody gets into power without God knowing it. But let's think about this. God is much more concerned about our character and about the kingdom being advanced. Up to that time, nobody on earth knew who God was. Nobody. Remember what Moses said to God? When I go to the leaders of Israel, who shall I say sent me? Because Moses realized even the leaders of Israel didn't know God's name. And God said, you tell the leaders, go read it in your Bible. It's there. I am that I am sent you. Now, Pharaoh doesn't know who God is. Remember, he kept saying, "I don't know who the Lord is." The leaders in Israel didn't or excuse me, the leaders in Egypt didn't know who who God was. The people of Egypt didn't know. Pharaoh was like, "I don't know your Lord God." The leaders in Egypt didn't know the Lord God. The people of Egypt didn't know the Lord God. But after God got done with Pharaoh, the whole world knew who he was because years later, the spies go into the promised land and the woman of Jericho said, "We know what God did to Egypt." Let's go a couple hundred years further. Now, Hoffne and Phineas and Eli are over the tabernacle. Israel's at war with the Philistines. They bring the ark into the battle. And the Philistines cry out, "This is the gods." Elohim is what they say, which is a name used for God Almighty or false gods. This is the gods that destroyed Egypt. So even hundreds of years later, they're still talking about what God did. Now before the Philistines were they were fairly far away from Egypt because the Philistines they right they were like kind of Greece area in a way and so just thinking the Philistines weren't they in um modern day Gaza and and areas like that or I thought they had originated like over And maybe someone back I don't know where they were but I thought I thought it was that cuz I remember I was researching sorry just a little tangent. I was researching giants and the giants and then I remember that it talked about the Philistines and actually coming from the area of Greeks which I was like oh that actually makes sense with Greek mythology and them talking so much about giants and and demods and all these things but someone someone can fact check they need to before before God what does what he does he rais he hardens Pharaoh's heart God just does these things with all these plagues the lice the flies the frogs the blood water, the hail that turns into fire. And I mean, it gets the world's attention. Now, the whole world, the known world at the time, knew he was God and knew for generations. So, we have to look at this and go, God didn't create Pharaoh's behavior, but God knows in advance what Pharaoh's going to do. And God says in this my name will get out throughout the whole earth. And sometimes we only look at our small world instead of the big kingdom picture. If Jesus would have been like us, he would have said, "My world right now, my disciples are have fled. They don't know where to go. I have the ability to call six legion 12 legions of angels. I need to get out of here." But Jesus had what? He had the world in his heart to love the world. And he laid down his life under cruel leadership from Israel at the time, cruel leadership from Rome at the time. And he said, "I will take this unfair treatment so that many could be saved."

So this brings us into what Peter writes. So Peter says, "You, you who are slaves," now this could have been translated, "You who are servants, I'm going to modernize this. You who are employees, you who are students, you who are citizens must submit to your masters, bosses, teachers, coaches, political leaders with all respect. Do what they tell you, not only if they are kind and reasonable, but even if they are cruel. Peter just told us to submit to our leaders even if they're cruel. Now again, we don't if a leader tells me to commit adultery. There whether I obey God or you, you judge. Okay. We're not talking about sin. We are talking about, hey, they're just cruel. So this is where and I I've, you know, I've read people's reviews on Beta Satan when they're going back through it and some of their things when they put a negative review onto it, they're like, "Well, this this individual's justifying cruel and abusive leaders in and saying you need to stay under them." What is what is the dynamic here? Cuz it's going to be judged strictly is what I'm going to say. Help me understand. So again, you're saying the separation obviously is sin. So if I have a father that is abusing me, am I to stay underneath his leadership? Just taking talking talking really practical or what is staying underneath his leadership? We addressed this a couple podcasts ago. David did not stay in the palace when his boss was trying to kill him. King Saul. Yes. He got out of the palace. Got out of the abusive behavior. But he still maintained his respect because even when Saul was killed, judged by God, David taught the men of of Judah to sing a love song to Saul and Jonathan. And called him his anointed.

All right. You slaves, okay? Employees must submit to your employers, okay? Let's say citizens, to your political leaders, do what they tell you. Not only if they are kind and reasonable, but even if they're cruel. All right? So Addison's teacher was being very cruel to him on purpose because he just had an angst against him. For God is pleased. Now listen to this. For God is pleased when conscience of his will, you patiently endure unfair treatment. What is unfair treatment? When I'm doing what is right and I get punished for doing what is wrong. Of course, you get no credit for being patient if you're beaten for doing wrong. You deserve it, right? But if you suffer for doing good, now did you hear that? I'm being punished by my leader for doing good and endure it patiently, God is pleased with you. For to this you were called. People ask me all the time, "What is my calling? What am I called to do?" Uh, here's your calling. For to this you were called. What is the calling? To handle unfair treatment correctly. Because God knows the strength of character it will build in you. Hey, let's stop and think about this for a minute. Lucifer fell, but Lucifer never got tested. Adam and Eve fell in a perfect environment with God's presence walking in the garden. They never got tested. Jesus learned obedience by what he suffered. Peter says, "As Christ suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourself with the same mind." Now, the number one thing that will get you out of the will of God is offense. Okay. Now, watch this. We're going to keep reading. For to this you were called because now here he's using Christ as an example. Christ also suffered for us, leaving us his example. What's his example? That you should follow in his steps. He never sinned nor was nor did he deceive anyone. He did not listen to this. Retaliate when he was insulted. Who was he insulted by? The Pharisees. All right. Nor threatened revenge when he suffered. He left his case in the hands of God who would always judge fairly. He left his case in the hands of him who would judge righteously. Now, if you go back, you will find Jesus is in the highest court of the land. He's standing before Pilate. There is no higher court. and the and the Pharisees who were who are the leaders of Israel are speaking absolute lies and false testimonies about him. And if you go to Mark 15, you'll find out that he Jesus didn't respond to one of their accusations. He kept his mouth shut because he was committing his case in the hands of God. It so was unusual that Pilate said, "Wait a minute. You're innocent. Aren't you going to make a reply?" And Jesus said nothing to Pilate. So that Pilate marveled. Pilate had been in this judgment seat, watched men condemned, watched them testified against, watched the men frantically defending themselves, frantically trying to accuse their accusers. And Pilot's watching this man who he knows is innocent. His wife had a dream about him. And he's not defending himself. He left us his example. So, in other words, it's an unrighteous thing when we defend ourselves, when we avenge ourselves. is a righteous thing when we let God avenge us or God defend us. This is what Romans tells us in Romans chapter 12. Do not avenge yourselves. But leave it in the hands of God because God says, "Vengeance is mine." So, it's an unrighteous thing when we avenge ourselves with another one of God's children. As a parent, when did you brothers get in trouble? When you avenged yourself on your brother. We didn't care what your brother did to you. We said, "Because you avenged yourself and you went back and you hit your brother for what he said to you, you're the one that's going to get punished." Because you would deal with the We deal with that, but we also punish also punish. We also punished you. And and this is what God's saying. It's not your place to avenge yourself on another family member. It is your it is my place to defend you. And Jesus, here he is. He didn't retaliate when he was insulted. He didn't threaten when he suffered. So then you come to to first Peter chapter 3 and Peter says he talks about the wife having a husband who is treating her unfairly and he he says hey the wife's going to be one by her gentle and meek. See this doesn't fit in today's philosophy. But Peter comes along and he says in verse eight of chapter 3 finally all of you be of one mind. Have compassion for one another. Love as brothers. Be tenderhearted.
