TITLE: How to Know If You're a TRUE Child of God
SPEAKER: John Bevere
CHANNEL: John Bevere TV
SOURCE_URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tO8Y5Iu744g
PUBLISHED: NA
DURATION_MIN: 0.0
SOURCE_TYPE: sermon
---

If God doesn't discipline you as he does all of his children, it means that you're illegitimate and are not really his children at all. Now, I'm going to tell you a story. This will blow you away. I was in a youth camp in Texas. Kids are down there weeping, crying over being sexually loose and stuff like that, giving their hearts to the Lord. And kids were really encountering the presence of God. The last night came and the Lord showed me how it was going to be an outpouring of the spirit. And I was so excited. And I remember I walked into the service and it was just like a wall. And I'm like, "What?" And I said, "God, what what what's going on?" And the Holy Spirit said, "There's one more person I want to reach." And he said, "Call them forward." A few more kids came down. But that that heaviness wouldn't lift. He said, "The person I'm after is still not responded." And then the Lord said something to me. He said, "Tell the person if they don't respond, I'm going to punish them." And all of a sudden, I knew. I said, "You're going to be in a head-on car collision wreck if you don't respond tonight."

We're continuing on and to me, I've had six weeks to really think about this. And we're talking about the churches in Revelation. Now, you say, "Oh, is this just going to be a teaching?" No, these churches, you got to remember these churches are seven churches and I marvel because all the words of Jesus that we have in the gospels were spoken in a futuristic way to Jewish people that were going to become the church. He even said, "I have things that I need to share with you, but I can't and you won't be able to understand it until the Holy Spirit comes." But once we look at these words in red, I mean, think about it. There is a couple, I think there's one place in 2 Corinthians 12:9 where God says, "My grace is sufficient for you." And those words are in red. And there's another one that says where the Lord said, "It's better to give than to receive." That's the only two red letters you're going to see in the epistles until you get to this apocalyptic book of Revelation. Now you've got all these these two chapters, chapter two and three, all in red letters. Which means they're right from the mouth of Jesus. This is the resurrected Jesus speaking to his church. So, you know, I just I'm I'm going through all the edits of the new book I'm writing that comes out March 3rd, 2026 called The King is Coming. And it's about the second coming of Jesus, but it's more about being prepared. And my editor said, I think now two times after going through the whole manuscript, "I'm so glad you wrote on the seven churches." I don't hear them preached enough. And yes, they're historic churches, but God never would have put these in the scripture if they didn't apply to today. And you talk about Sardis. Wow. I shiver in my boots. I when I wrote about Sardis in the new book that's coming out, The King is Coming. I literally I remember distinctly coming down to breakfast with I think it was with Lisa or I might have been on a trip and I was speechless. I was so shaken. Now I will say this church, Jesus's message, he has used it in the past, the Holy Spirit to rivet me and really bring correction to my life. This is the one that seems to really hit home hard. And so I pray that the Holy Spirit gives you and I the ability to properly communicate this in a way that will bring life. And this is what our whole team was praying that this will bring life to you. This will impart life to you. This will protect you for what's coming. So first I want to ask some questions. And I just felt like the Holy Spirit said ask these questions. Number one question, does God correct us? Does God correct us? Does he correct us? Number two, does God punish us? That's different. Okay. Is his punishment, if he does punish us, is it painful? And if it's is it for the purpose of recompense to repay our disobedience? I'm going to answer that one right now. Absolutely no. It's for our good. Okay. And finally, what is what is God's discipline? What does his punishment look like? So, in order to really set this Sardis church up and the ones that are coming, I want to go to Hebrews chapter 12 where the writer of Hebrews actually deals directly with God punishing his children. All right? And so, I'm going to read from verse 5. Have you forgotten the encouraging words? Now, everybody remember this is encouraging. This is not discouraging. This is encouraging. These are the encouraging words. God spoke to you as his children. He said, "My child, don't make light." Now, make light. Do you know what that word actually means? To regard with little value. Don't make light. So, don't regard with little value the Lord's discipline. And don't give up. Now, that's interesting. In other words, you're going to be tempted to give up when you're going through the Lord's discipline. Don't give up when he corrects. Now, the word corrects in the Greek is mind-blowing. It is the Greek word pedia. And this is right from one of the top Greek lexicons. This is the definition. To punish for the purpose of improved behavior. I'm going to say that again. Don't give up when he corrects. The word corrects means punish for the purpose of improved behavior. So don't give up when he corrects you. For the Lord disciplines those he loves. That can't be emphasized enough. This is about the people God loves. Okay. And he punishes. Now, this is a different Greek word. It's the Greek word mastigo. I'm probably butchering this. If my friend Pastor Steve Gallas was here who's fluent in Greek, he would be laughing at me right now. All right. that word I can read the definition from the lexicon to punish severely. Implying whipping and even scourging. Okay. So I'm just reading what the dictionary says. All right. For the Lord disciplines those he loves and he punishes each one he accepts as a child. As you endure. So there obviously is endurance through this. Okay. that this divine discipline same word pedia to punish for the purpose of improved behavior. Remember that God is treating you as his own children. Who ever heard of a child who is never disciplined by its father? Well, unfortunately today that's a quite common thing. We don't, I just recently was with a couple and the daughter talked to the mom and dad like they were trash. Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't even talk to a peer like she talked to her parents. And um I got into sharing with them and I remember watching the mother sit her down and try to reason with her. Yeah. And Ardan as a youth pastor, I remember way back in the 1980s, it was interesting. We had to counsel the families in our youth group because our senior pastor was world-renowned. He was traveling all over and we had to do all the counseling. I had three different scenarios of families. I had the family that all they did was try to love their children out of their problems. Their kids were in such a mess. They spoke so dishonorably to their parents. And then I had the families that disciplined harshly their children. Their children resented their parents because of a punishment like they were angry. The parents were angry when they did it. Then I had the families who disciplined, spanked their children. I'm just going to say it. And loved them. And they never came to my office. And those kids in following them, I mean, this is 35 years ago. They're in very healthy places today. I remember I was speaking down in Brazil and Ardan I'll never forget this my translator down there has a ministry that goes to the entire nation of Brazil and it's very successful and I must have been preaching on Hebrews 12 but he pulled me back after the service and he said you know my next door neighbors I watched them raise their children their kids got anything they wanted they had all the minibikes they had all the go-karts They never got disciplined. He said, "My parents, I was so frustrated. They disciplined me. They they were strong with me." They didn't just give him anything he wanted. He said, "I watched my next door neighbors. They got strung out in drugs. They became alcoholics." One of them is even in jail. He said, "I look at my life and I I see how God has protected me." From all these pitfalls they fell into because I had parents who disciplined me.

And I think it's important too because I think in my generation there's a lot of people like you said that were punished by their parents and they were scolded but it was not out of a place of love. And I think what you said is so important is that we don't swing the pendulum because I've seen that where a lot of people that I see they're like well no you would you need to you need to really like connect with your child on a way that's going to understand what they're feeling in those moments. And we talked about this on mom's podcast and there there are people who are saying this is the way you need to do it but yet they have kids that are two, three, four, five years old and they don't know what it looks like when they grow up. And I watched as you guys did that. So well, and I think this is important because then obviously when God when we receive correction, whether it's through a pastor or through a teacher, if we weren't raised in the right way, we hear that correction and we'll either just completely shut down to it to what God is probably trying to speak to us of, hey, you need to do this because why? Because I had a negative interaction with correction when I was growing up because of how harsh my dad or mom was to me. And we see it through that lens. And it's important that we have to see correction in the correct way and discipline and punishment in the correct way of understanding everything right is going through. It's the punishment is for the purpose of improved behavior. Like yeah, I want improved behavior. I never want to stop growing in my behavior. I never want to start getting better. And then the punishment is going to help me understand that something is wrong. Like I need to have that. That's a scary place is just if I'm continuing to go down the same track of doing the wrong things because it leads to kids that are getting caught up and and all those things. So I remember um we we got better at this every single child. So you're the youngest of four, but I remember when we spanked you, we would then hug you and say I love you and we did this for your your growth. And so it showed that you guys loved us. I I just was so struck by this this morning as I was praying preparing. Who ever heard of a child who has never disciplined? And I thought if the writer was writing this today, he couldn't have said that because there are so many families that do not discipline or punish their children. If God doesn't discipline you, now this is verse eight, as he does all of his children, it means that you're illegitimate and are not really his children at all. So this is this is the thing. If you've been disciplined by the Lord, and we're going to talk about what this looks like once I read this. If you've been disciplined by the Lord, you can jump up and down and realize you're actually a true son or daughter of God in Christ Jesus. That you're actually not a fake or a false brethren as Paul would call them. Somebody who says I'm a Christian but really isn't. So basically, you know, I I remember when I turned 50, Ardan, I prayed and I said, "God, if there is anything anything displeasing to you in me at all," I said, "You're the one that searches my heart. You know me better than I know me. I said, "Burn it out. Shake it out. Punish it out. Do whatever you got to do." I remember that was June 2nd, right, on my 50th birthday. That summer is one of the hardest summers I've ever lived through in my entire life. And I remember I was on the phone with one of our very wise board members. And um I told him I you know it was I'd already gone through two months of seemed like hell on earth and um just nothing. I I was just obeying God and I'm going through hell on earth, right? And I remember I told him I said, "Yeah, I prayed this prayer on June 2nd when I turned 50." I said, "I wanted my halftime. I'm at halftime." I felt like I was at halftime, right? And and the football team always wants to play better on the second half than the first half. And so I was like, "God, okay, I'm at halftime. I think somebody had just written a book about halftime, right?" And so I said, "Okay, I'm at halftime. Whatever needs to come out, burn it out, shake it out, punish it out." Right? And my board member laughed and says, "That's the prayer you pray when you're in your 20s, not your 50s." And I I remember him saying that, but inside I said, "God, I'm so glad I prayed it because I want to finish well." So, I'm just glad that we're really his children. And that just means we're all going to be disciplined if we're really his children. If we're not, I I can't get off of this. Um I'm preaching at a church. It's it's jam-packed. There's 2,000 people in the building. This is way back in 1990. And I brought forth this very strong prophetic word on repentance. And I happened to notice this woman. And she had like a 16-year-old daughter sitting in the front row. And the woman, I could just tell the spirit of God was just like the word of God was chastening her, punishing her. And um the daughter's just sitting there like this, rolling her eyes and everything. I'm like, "Wow." So the pastor looks at me, he says, 'I can take you to a restaurant or we have a prominent woman in the church and she's an Italian and she really cooks well and she's got a meal prepared for us. I we're going to the Italian woman's house. So we go there and lo and behold, you know who it is? It's the woman in the front row. And I'm like, this is amazing. And she was like Ardan. She couldn't stop talking. Oh my gosh, John. I wanted to fall on my knees. I wanted to weep. I realize in my life, God was dealing with things about you, right? And I'm just so rejoicing that she realized that it was all out of God's love that he was dealing with her. But she looks at me and goes, "But my daughter," and towards the end of the message just goes, "When is this guy going to be finished? He's so loud and he's so um" She said something else. It wasn't complimentary, believe me. And I thought to myself, how interesting. This woman is a true child of God. The daughter isn't. The daughter goes to church. The daughter probably prayed the sinner's prayer, but she's illegitimate. She really hasn't surrendered her heart probably to the lordship of Jesus. I mean, this is, you know, Jesus said you'll know them by their fruits, right? Can I ask you the question is what's the difference between that and like an immaturity in terms of obviously it's younger girl but like even what we're looking at right here where it says it's punishing and the word specifically is to to um to punish for the purpose of improved behavior kind of you know someone asking that question of like well is it that I just have not improved my behavior maybe I am like I know I'm a son of God I know I'm a daughter of God but where am I sitting with that? Well, of course, we can be going through discipline and and just like a a young person really not like it at the time. I saw this because this girl came home for the dinner after her mom said that. And I I saw that she really didn't love Jesus. You could see it. Jesus said you'll know him by the fruits. The way she talked, the worldliness, the way she dressed, everything about her. So, even a legitimate child can be going, I don't like this. I mean, you guys didn't like it when we punished you, right? Okay. So, but it was very evident with her. And the thing is Amy Semple McPherson prophesied something back in the 1930s that I think is so true today. She said, "I see the church right before the Lord returns and I see the righteous and the wicked worshiping God together in the same house." Now if you look at Malachi chapter 3 he talks about the wicked he talks about the righteous and he said Jesus would come as a refining fire now that's punishment that's discipline he would come as a refiner's fire and he said once he does then you're going to recognize the difference between the righteous and the wicked the one who serves God and the one who doesn't in other words before the punishment the refining comes. You're not going to be able to tell the difference. That's so fascinating. Can I even ask on to that because I feel like the other side of that is humility obviously is understanding like God gives grace to the humble and and I can kind of like looking in that situation is you know the the girl probably lacked a level of humility and and I think even with correction when you understand correction it could even be done out of like natural correction obviously worldly correction. It could be done out of the wrong heart of a parent doing that. But if you have accept humility, you understand like you can accept punishment for what it was or what it is. If you have the correct heart in you. So like you're, you know, your parent could be disciplining you in the wrong manner, in the wrong heart, but yet if you have that humility that God gives, then you are able to receive the punishment for what you need to out of it and not be um not be resistant to it of what go what still could be, you know, coming from that. Does that make sense? Yes, it does. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it absolutely does. So I think so. No, I was going to say, so I think that's kind of a another end of the maturity that's happening and growing into that. So verse 9 says, since we respected our earthly fathers who disciplined us, shouldn't we submit even more to the discipline of the father of our spirits and live forever. For our earthly fathers disciplined us for a few years, doing the best they knew how. And boy, I'm telling you that that statement means so much to me because I wish there were so many ways I would have changed, especially with our oldest Addison. I think by the time we got to you, we had learned some things, but still I was still growing. But God's discipline, now this is interesting. Verse 10. But God's discipline is always good for us. Always good for us. So that we might share in his holiness. So what's the end result of discipline? It is to have more of the character of God, his holiness. In other words, he is a holy God. What means? What does that mean? He is set apart from his creation. Right? And the Bible tells us to be holy as he is holy. So the purpose of discipline is so that we'll come out of it more godly. When I prayed that prayer, I gave God the permission. Come in, jerk it out, punish it out, discipline it out. And what happened was I think I became more mature after about that three months of discipline. All right. Now, no discipline is enjoyable while it's happening. It's painful. Now, that's right from the Bible. I'm even going to go to the Greek. The Greek word painful there means grief, sorrow, a state of mental pain. So, it's painful. But afterward there will be a peaceful harvest of right living for those who are trained in this way. Verse 14 then goes on to say, "Work at living in peace with everyone and work at living a holy life for those who are not holy will not see the Lord." So discipline is extremely important. Okay. Now, this is a good transition into the church of Sardis because the very core of what Jesus is addressing with this church is holiness. Okay. So, let's let's first of all talk about Sardis. All right? And and and and and I'm going to tell you this may take another podcast. I don't want to rush this one because again, I feel like this church, if there was a church that really is more like the American church, it's got to be Sardis. All right. It fell under Roman control in 189 BC. So almost 200 years before Jesus's ministry on earth. By the first century AD, it was known for its emperor worship and had an impressive temple. And that temple was the temple of Artemis. Okay, Sardis. Now, this is this is amazing. It was one of the most pleasant places to live in the ancient world. It was a center of worldwide trade and one of the most affluent cities in the world. So Sardis would be like uh Newport Beach, California. It would be like uh uh Manhattan, New York. It would be like a really affluent society. All right. Even in the pagan world, this is interesting. Sardis, and I'm reading right from the commentaries, Sardis had a reputation for materialism. That that's interesting. And decadence. The pagans there were extremely accepting and didn't care if you worshiped their gods or not. Interesting. They just wanted to make money and have a good time. That's straight from the commentary. So interesting. They didn't care. So what does that tell us right up front? This church isn't persecuted. You look at Pergamum. You look at Philadelphia and they were persecuted. All right. This church and you you look at some of the others. Thyatira was as well as Pergamum. This church wasn't persecuted. Now, I think about the American church. We're really not persecuted. We can we can go into a crowd and we can preach the gospel right in downtown, you know, right in downtown of a major city, Nashville, and people will go, "Okay." I mean, you might have a one or two that's mad at you, but in general, yeah. So, very much like us. Now, the society of Sardis rubbed off on these believers, unfortunately, in a negative way. Rather than taking advantage, and this is, I think, my now my words, rather than taking advantage of the lack of persecution and the abundant resources that the church had to be more effective in building the kingdom, the church became more worldly. All right. Now, this kind of sets up the stage for what we're about to hear because I'm going to read the entire message. So Jesus, remember all these words are in red in the Bible. Jesus says, "Write this letter to the angel, which means messenger or pastor, bishop, elder of the church in Sardis. This is a message from the one who has the sevenfold spirit of God and the seven stars. I know all the things you do and that you have a reputation for being alive, but you are dead. Wake up. Strengthen what little remains. For even what is left is almost dead. I find your actions do not meet the requirements of my God. This is Jesus speaking, okay? Not a pastor. Go back to what you heard and believed at first. Hold to it firmly. Repent and turn to me again. If you don't wake up, I will come to you suddenly as an unexpected thief. Yet there are some in Sardis, and this so describes the American church. You have some in Sardis who have not soiled their clothes with evil. Boy, we're going to talk about that one. They will walk with me in white, for they are worthy. All who are victorious will be clothed in white. I will never erase their names from the book of life, but I will announce before my father and his angels that they are mine. Anyone with ears to hear must listen to the spirit and understand what he is saying to the churches. All right, are you ready to go through this step by step? And by the way, we're never going to I'm going to I'm going to go just through a couple verses because this is so strong. I don't want to try to do this all in one podcast. So Jesus opens up by saying, "I know the things you do." All right. I want to share a story years ago. I I I would I would almost venture to say it was almost 20 years ago. I was in prayer one morning before ministering on a Sunday morning and I heard the Holy Spirit ask me a question and I heard it so clearly. He said, "Son, do you notice that I didn't say to one of the seven churches in the book of Revelations, I know what you believe." And I went, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute." And I I and I go grab my Bible. It was a physical Bible because 20 years ago, we didn't have iPads and computers. And I grabbed my physical Bible. I opened up. I looked at all seven churches and I saw I know what you do. I know your works. I know your works. I know the things you do. And I all of a sudden I realized and and and then the Lord said this to me. He said, "Did you notice I didn't say I know your intentions?" And I went, "Wow." So he's not examining our intentions, although he is because our intentions will be exposed at the judgment seat. He's not looking at our belief. He's looking at how we live. I know the things you do. I know how you're living. So, this is what he's looking at in all seven of these churches. So, if you look at all seven churches, either from the NLT or the New King James Version, you will find out in all seven churches, he'll either say, "I know what you do," or "I know your works." All seven. That is mind-blowing. So, I'm going to say this again. It's not what we believe. It's what we live. Which can I even ask that question of like, you know, unpacking the difference for people of a faith or a belief-based faith versus kind of an action-based faith. And what you're saying is a good question. So, I'm going to go to the book of James to answer that. James says, "So, you see, we are shown to be right with God by what we do, not by faith alone." Now, I'm gonna I'm gonna make this even I'm gonna make this even stronger. I went to a very much of a grace-oriented church. Like, I'm grace. I love the grace of God. I want all the grace of God I can ever do. Enough of it. But this was kind of a hyper grace church. Well, we say what you say is we feel like it's actually undersold grace. Not hyper grace. It's undersold. I like that better. Because grace empowers us to live a godly life and we've undersold it. We only say it forgives our sins with salvation. But it really empowers us also to live a life like Jesus lived. Yeah. Cuz you're hyper grace, I would say. So I'm in the hotel room before going to this big church in the northeast. And the Holy Spirit says, "I want you to open up." I had my whole message ready. I don't know if I had a PowerPoint or if I had my notes, but the Holy Spirit changed everything. And he said, "I want you to open up with James 2:24." And I went over to my Bible and I looked at James 2:24 and I went, "What?" He said, "That's I want you to read that verse." And so I remember getting up in front of this church and I and I read this. So you see then we are shown to be right with God by what we do, not by faith alone. And I paused and you could hear a pin drop in that church and the facial expressions were like, "Wow." Now I want to bring clarity." Okay, you can repeatedly tell me that that there's power in that outlet over there. I'm looking at that outlet right over there in our studios here. You can tell me till you're blue in the face there's power in the outlet. But you know what the proof of it that there is power in that outlet? I take a brand new blow dryer that works. And I plug that blow dryer into that outlet and I turn it on and hot air comes out. That is evidence that there really is power. Because I could tell you there's power in the outlet. There's power in an outlet. There's power in an outlet. And I put a brand new blow dryer in there and it's dead because there's no power in the outlet. So you could tell me to you're blue in the face, I have faith. I have faith. I have faith. I have faith. I have faith. Jesus is my Lord. I prayed the sinner's prayer. But James is saying the evidence that you really do have faith is the fact that your life is going to be changed. Because let me just ask you some questions. I want you to listen to what I'm asking right now. And I want you to be honest with yourself because Paul said, "Examine yourself to see if you're really in the faith." He said that to the Corinthian church, which by the way is another very worldly church. It's a very carnal church. Is your life different than before you believed? I need you to ask yourself that. I have to ask myself that. Is your life different than before you believed? Do you stand out in a lost world? Or do you blend in? Are you advancing the kingdom? If not, you have a faith that is not real by heaven's standards. Grace is not at work in you. For true grace is not ineffective. And I'm going to read this scripture. 1 Thessalonians 2:13. When you received the word of God, which you heard from us, you welcomed it not as the word of men, but as in truth, the word of God, which the word of God, which also effectively works in you who believe. What is it? What is it doing? It's transforming you. Okay? This is why we can't emphasize enough. This is why on this podcast, we're going to preach the word of God. We're going to preach the word of God. We're not going to talk about current events and philosophy and you know uh inspirational stories. Those do help people for a day or two. But the word of God changes you forever. The word of God is powerful. It's mighty. It divides between soul and spirit. It is what brings life into your being. The entrance of his word, the Bible says, gives life. Jesus said, "Man lives by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God." The word of God will effectively work in you and it will bring change. If you're not changing, then I question, "Do you really have faith?" And this is what James wrote. And this is why Martin Luther was so upset about the book of James because James is basically saying, "Okay, you say you got faith. But you don't have corresponding obedient actions. I will show you that I really have faith because I do walk like Jesus walks is what James is saying. I do have corresponding obedience. Yeah. I miss it once in a while and I deeply repent. I ask people to forgive me. That I'm not saying are you perfect. I'm just saying are you being transformed from glory to glory into the image of Jesus Christ? That's God's goal for us.

Yeah. I think it's the it's just going back to the improved behavior. Like I I think it's not putting, you know, one of the things that we talk about for work is you identifying people on the team that um like if there's people who just don't want to grow, it's really hard to continue to have that individual, you know, do the work that they need to do. Why? Because they just are complacent with where they're at. And I look at what we talked about earlier about correction and punishment is understanding the sole purpose of it was what? Improved behavior. And I know there's people that are like, "Man, I'm trying. I'm really trying." And it's like, well, are you looking at yourself and saying, I'm trying, but I'm just staying stuck in the same spot. I'm continuing to allow the same things just continuing to keep tripping me up, or I'm or I'm not I'm not continuing to get in the word to renew my mind. I'm not having these things happen. But then also, there's the improved behavior side of things where people can look at and say, you know what, like maybe I'm not seeing the things that are unfolding in my life that I'm I'm hoping for, but I'm not where I was. And we have to like look at those things and say, "No, God's done a work in me and I'm seeing correction and behavior actually take root." And I'm encouraged by that. And I also want to make sure because what I'm saying there too is I don't want to diminish the wonder-working power of a transformed life and how quick that can be because I think sometimes people can diminish the work of God and say, "Well, it's a process." And it's like, "No, like God can impact a person's life in a moment. He could have a one year is based upon you cooperating in obedience to the word of God. Yeah. I will say, you know, for six years I battled pornography and and and that led to habitual masturbation and and and I remember, you know, it every time I just fell on my face and said, "God, I'm so sorry." And I was I was so deeply sorry. But I remember the day I got free from it, May the sixth, 1985. Yeah. I I've had people, you know, or they've said, "Well, would you have gone to be with Jesus had you died in 1983?" Yes, absolutely. I was in the fight of faith. But let me tell you something. I lacked the revelation to be free. And I could have gotten that revelation in the first year had I really taken it seriously like I did in the sixth year. First year I was just like, I'm just not married. It's okay. When I get married, it'll be all right. Then I got married and it happened again. I'm like, "Oh my gosh." You know, and then then all of a sudden I started taking it seriously. So I believe if I would have taken it seriously, it wouldn't have been a six-year process. There are people that yes, their transformation process is slower because they're not digging in like they should. That doesn't mean they're not true believers. Okay. And I want to make that really really clear. But but I will say even though I'm I'm I was battling this. My mother looked at me three years after I got saved. She was so upset that I got saved. She was, you know, Catholic woman, prayed the rosary every night. She was so mad. She was so upset. She said, "You go to Bible school over my dead body." She wouldn't even invite me to my dad's retirement party because she thought I would witness to the people there. Right. But you know what she said to me three years later? She said, "You've really changed." I said, "Mom, I told you it's Jesus in me." Now, when your own mother says, "You've really changed." Now, I was still going through that battle, don't get me wrong, and I wasn't taking it lightly. All right. I'm going through this battle. So, I don't want people walking away going, "Oh my gosh, am I really even saved?" when