TITLE: Jesus Is Coming (but we’re acting like he’s not)
SPEAKER: John Bevere
CHANNEL: John Bevere TV
SOURCE_URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JA_8y539Vec
PUBLISHED: NA
DURATION_MIN: 0.0
SOURCE_TYPE: sermon
---
# The Second Coming of Jesus

It is the second most talked about subject in the entire Bible. There are 318 verses in the New Testament. One out of every 26 verses in the New Testament talks about the second coming of Jesus. You've got all this ambiguity, this controversy around prophecy. The prophetic word of God is not about timelines, tsunamis, blood moons. Yeah, that's a part of it. It's really more about transformation. Preparation and transformation. I mean, here's the way I like to see it.

You know, at Purdue University, we had finals week. So, when finals week comes, the dreaded week of every college student, right? So, you have about what, seven finals, and you know, I'm an engineering student at Purdue, so we got to go to the mechanical engineering building. Now, you got to remember there's a mall of buildings. Yeah. You know, you got the electrical engineering building, the chemistry building, you got the materials building. I go to the mechanical engineering building because that's what I'm majoring in. And the list is up on the board. It's a typed out list. And you got to find out the hall, which building, the classroom, and the time of your all your finals. Yeah. That took me five or 10 minutes. But do you know what I spent hours and hours and hours and hours and hours doing? Preparing. And do you know when I started preparing the first day of class? You know, I was in a fraternity. I had fraternity brothers. They were chasing girls. They were playing frisbee football. They were, you know, partying five nights a week. They just went nuts. Okay. And when finals week came, the week before finals week, they were staying up pulling allnighters, cramming. I was just reviewing because I started at the beginning of the semester.

Yeah. You start preparing for the second coming of Jesus now. Yeah. Not when you see maybe the antichrist revealed. Not maybe when you see maybe the war of Gog and Magog coming down on Israel. You start now because this is something we live. Yeah. And so here's the thing. I find that people don't talk about eschatology at all. That's a big word. Eschatology means to study end times. They don't talk about it at all or they spend a lot of time on the five or 10 minutes. As I wrote this book, I felt the Holy Spirit was showing me how much more important it was to prepare people. Prepare. Prepare the way of the Lord. Remember, I'll send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. What's he going to do? Prepare the way of the Lord. Make straight in the desert a highway for our God. Right? Because all flesh is going to see the glory of God together. That's Isaiah 40. Go look it up. Okay. So, now we were talking about the fact that Simeon was a man of righteous character. Yeah. Right. He feared God. And what was the third thing? Because, okay, wait, wait, let me, in case you didn't listen to the last podcast, the Pharisees couldn't recognize Jesus on his first coming. They were totally out of sync with God. Here's a guy named Simeon who comes to the temple. Jesus, a 40-day old baby, holds him up and goes, "The Messiah," immediately acknowledges it. How can you recognize the Messiah 40 days and the Pharisees 30 years later, can't recognize the Messiah when he's casting out devils? I mean, that's mind-blowing. So, I want to learn from this guy, Simeon. Right. Yeah. So he is righteous in character, right? He is devout. Yep. And what's the third one? He's eagerly waiting. Eagerly waiting. So that's what we're going to focus in on is eagerly waiting. Just as Simeon was eagerly waiting, we're supposed to be eagerly waiting. Now, I'm going to tell you, by the time we're at the end of this podcast, you're going to understand how important it is to be eagerly waiting. First of all, I'm going to read some scriptures that will solidify it. 2 Timothy 4:8. And now the prize awaits me. This is Paul writing, "The crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, will give me on the day of his return." And the prize is not just for me, Paul said. But now listen, who's it for? But for all who eagerly, that's the word, look forward to his appearing. So those who say, "Ah, the Lord delays his coming, they become more worldly." The people that are eagerly looking for him, they purify themselves. The Bible says they actually when you are eager about the Lord's coming, it has a purifying effect. It gives you the power to walk in holiness. Yeah.

Okay. Hebrews 9:28. So Christ was offered once to bear the sins of many. To those who eagerly wait, there it is again. For him he will appear a second time apart from sin for salvation. 1 Corinthians 1:7. Now you have every spiritual gift you need as you what does it say? Eagerly wait. Eagerly wait for the return of our Lord Jesus Christ. Okay. So what again I just I just said it. What is the antithesis of eagerly waiting? Jesus in Matthew 24 tells about his second coming the whole chapter and then he ends it with this parable. He says if the servant thinks my master won't be back for a while. In other words, if he puts it off if he's not eagerly waiting, right, he will begin to beat the other servants. He will begin to party and get drunk. So, in other words, when we put that the Lord's coming in a delay mode, we actually become more worldly. Yeah. Wow. And and can I ask I feel like it's also you become more passive because obviously everything you're talking about the gentleman that didn't understand the book of Revelation, so he was like, I'm not even going to touch it. Yeah. is I feel like there's been a lot of pastors that say that same thing as well. And so it causes the church as a whole to be more passive and not taking ground. I remember you shared the story and it was after you at Driven by Eternity or before. But when you went to the church that was down there in Brazil and it was a massive church. I think it was like 200,000 people. It was 300,000 people. 300,000. And you're thinking this has been a church that's been established for 50 years or it's been passed down for 100 years. Yeah. 300,000 people. It had only been established for how long? 16 years. And it started with one man. And I met the man. Yeah. And so you see a lot of churches even today, I mean, in the US that are been around for 20 years. They're struggling to take ground, struggling to do these things. And you asked them, you know, how did you build this in 16 years? And they said, it's easy. We teach on the second coming. Yeah. About the millennial, the positions we will hold in the millennium and throughout all eternity. Yeah, I was like, "What?" So, it's it's you refocus. It's that CS Lewis quote that was like, "Those who do the most in this lifetime are those who think the most about heaven." But that's actually a command. Colossians tells us to set our affection on things above, to set our mind on things above. We're going to talk about that here. Yeah. Because that's what causes us to eagerly wait. Okay. And so, yeah, I I I I remember, you know, when when those guys said that to me, the I was so in shock that the one pastor sitting across the table, he could see the shock and he said, "You know, John, I do a lot of preaching in America because I speak really good English." He said, "Your Americans are you have a perspective of 70, 80 years." He said, "Our Christians have an eternal perspective." Yeah. Now, I I I I started thinking about this perspective thing and I thought, whoa, if I walk into a really elaborate Sunday morning brunch and they got two tables filled with the most beautiful desserts, right? What am I going to do if I got a one-day perspective? I'm going to eat every single dessert I can. But if I have a one-year perspective, I'm going to eat one or none. Why? Because I don't want excess fat on my body next week. I don't want an upset stomach tomorrow. I don't want I don't want compromised long-term health. So, your perspective determines how you live. So, it's about perspective. Okay. Can I ask you a question? We had Christmas a few months ago, right? All right. Your one-year-old girl and your three-year-old son. Yeah. Which one was more excited about Christmas? That's right. My son. Your son. Yeah. Why? Because he understood it. He understood it. He had a vision for it. He knew he was going to open up some pretty cool gifts. Yeah. There's a lot of anticipation. Was trying to figure out what was going on. She had no eager anticipation. He had eager because he had a vision for it. He saw what was coming. He knew what was coming. People who know what is coming, they're going to have a greater anticipation. So the question, what fuels eager expectation is the vision, the prophetic vision. So do you think because obviously in in our, sorry, I'm getting. No. No. And I I think this is actually really good. So obviously when I I remember actually a few years ago I had a pastor who spoke on eternity and I was like wow this is like the first message I've heard a pastor speak on eternity solely outside of my dad and like in my lifetime I feel like do you feel that if if pastors in the church shift their focus to spending more time throughout the year rather than talking about the things that are necessarily like current struggles and they focus in on the the vision and where things are going that it would actually shift the nature of their church and the perspective of the of the church because I I I I've heard it said like when you just talk about everything that is going on right now in your world, um what you often are doing is just stirring it all up and you're muddying the water. But then what you've got to do is you've got to take more of like what's the vision for your life? Pour it pour it more into it. as you do that that dirty water overflows and outflows and he fills it up. And so the second coming almost seeing that as a way as we talk about the anticipation for the coming of the Lord that's going to clear the water of your daytoday life because I know we're not supposed to we're supposed to take on the things that come each day. We're not supposed to just live worrying about tomorrow. But I feel like having that eternal mindset just shifts and changes. What fuels eager expectation? How do we get it? Proverbs 29:18. Where there is no prophetic vision, the people cast off restraint. All right. So, but hang on. Prophetic vision though. So, let's talk about that because right there, is it talking about what's coming? Is it talking about prophetic vision as a large hole or is it even talking about specifically second coming? It's talking about as a as a rule of thumb. A prophetic vision. Think about it. Prophetic is something that has not happened, but it's predicted that will happen. Yeah. So 28% of the scriptures were prophetic in nature when they were written. So in other words, a lot of them have been fulfilled there. You have 300 prophecies about Jesus first coming, right? He's already come. So what I'm saying is a prophetic deals with a future event in God. If we don't have that future event in God, we will cast off restraint. So it's just like remember Jesus said the servant says in his heart my master delays his coming. Yeah. So the prophetic vision has been put aside. It's been put off. Right. So now what happens? The restraint to walk in holiness is cast out. He doesn't he loses the restraint. Now he starts acting like the world around him acts. Yeah. Okay. The prophetic vision is the word of God that is spoken that has not yet manifested. Yeah. So it does include the second coming which remember the second most talked about topic in the whole Bible is the second coming of Jesus. So yes that it does but it talks about other prophetic things. I mean the very fact that you have a dream in your heart. I know we've we've talked about these things that keeps you going. Well and and that's what I think I'm alluding to is I think there's a lot of Christians that say well I just don't have a vision for my life. And then I spend time in the word of God spend time with the Holy Spirit. Yeah. But but no, but that's yes, that's one element to it. But I think you're identifying something is I think there's a lot of people that say, "I don't have a vision for my life, so I'm just going to kind of keep going through the motions until one day I die." But yet the prophetic vision that God's given every single Christian is the second coming and this eager expectation, eternity. Yeah. And and so it almost shifts this perspective off of the, you know, what that pastor was identifying is your your worry. Like we spend so much time talking about the the individual focus. Yep. And not the prophetic calling of the entirety of the church, which is I I want to read this. This this I I I it was for later. It's way down the notes, but I I went to my Bible. All right. This is Colossians. This is amazing. Since you have been raised to new life with Christ, set, hear the word set, your sights. Yeah. On the realities of heaven, where Christ sits in the place of honor at God's right hand. Think about, set your sights. Think about the things of heaven. This is a command. This isn't a suggestion. Think about the things of heaven, not the things of the earth. Yeah. Wow. For you died to this life, and your real life is hidden with Christ and God. Okay. And when Christ, who is your life, is revealed to the whole world, second coming, you will share in all his glory. Now, let's just stop a minute, okay? When I'm driving a car, well, of course, you know, now we got self-drive, but I'm talking about when I used to really drive a car, my sight is set on the road. Yeah. Okay. Now, we are commanded to set our sights on the realities of heaven and to think about the things above, right? So, in other words, set our mind on the things above. My sight is set on the road. Are there times I glance over to the person sitting in the passenger seat and talk to them? Yeah, really quick. But I get back to where my eyes are set. Yeah. Are there times I look at the instrument panel and I see what the temperature is inside and change it. And but what do I do? I go back to where I'm set. Okay. In this life, we have jobs. Yeah. I have to think on my job. That's like glancing over to the passenger, right? I have um we we need to have Sabbath. We need to have recreation. When I'm on a pickle ball court, I'm thinking about the shot. Yeah. Okay. That's okay. But when the pickle ball shot is over or the game's over, I should say, my mind goes back to where it's set. So, here's the thing I want to ask you, and I want you to do a really honest assessment because the Bible says to examine yourself to see if you're in the faith. Where does your mind go when it's in neutral? In other words, when you don't have to think on your job, you're not with a group of people, and and and and let's say you're you're you're at a ball game or something, where's your mind go? So, I can tell you if you do an honest assessment, you go, "Do I think about the NFL too much? Do I think about the NCAA basketball, the Final Four too much? Do I think about do I think about social media too much? Does my mind go to is the first thing I do when my mind's a neutral pick up my phone and start looking at what everybody else is doing? That's where your mind's set. You're not set on the things of heaven. That's why you got no eager anticipation because you don't have the prophetic vision. Yeah. You have more of what the world's looking for. I mean, ask yourself, are are are you really excited? Are you really eager eagerly anticipating the World Cup, the NFL playoffs, the Final Four, a date? maybe a social gathering, you're not going to be eager about Jesus coming. Literally, we are to set our sights on things above. And this is where I really believe we're not teaching the church. I mean, CS Lewis, you you quoted it. He said that the man who actually does more in this life is the man whose mind is set on the things of heaven. And so it is so crucial that we understand what what creates the prophetic vision. Now I I'm going to give an example. Where there is no prophetic vision, the people cast off restraint. Restraint here is not a negative. It's actually a positive. And I'm going to I'm I'm going to show you why. I have a brother-in-law. His name is Dale Wilbur. He he is the husband to my sister, my kid sister, who's one year younger than me, Laura. Dale, at the turn of the millennium, had a desire to build a brand new 1966 Chevelle SS. He loves muscle cars. Yeah. So, Dale, I I did an interview with him. I actually spent time on the phone. I asked him questions. I said, "Okay." I said, "Dale, what did you do?" He said, "Well, I found an old rusted out frame and that was where I began." I said, "What did you do?" He said, "I sandblasted the thing. Then I started finding the parts and all this." Now I interviewed him a lot. He spent over a thousand hours building this thing. All right. He spent nights, many, many, many nights that he was out in the they have a barn garage. He was in the barn garage till 10 p.m. My sister Laura on the phone said, "Yeah, there were so many nights I had to walk the dinner out to him in the garage while he was working on the car." Okay. I asked him in that thousand hours, it took him three years to build this thing. Okay. Did were there times that you fought discouragement? He said yes. And then he said many. I proved further. Were there times you wanted to quit? He said yes. One was after he built the entire engine which took hundreds of hours and he discovered there was a leak in the oil. He had he said, "John, he bemoaned as he was on the phone. I had to pull the entire engine apart." And rebuild it because of that oil leak. He said it was in a place that I absolutely you couldn't get unless you took the whole engine apart. It was a constant hunt for him. He said, "John, to find bolts, screws, and other small parts that would go into the Chevelle." He said most of them weren't in good shape. He said, but rather than just inserting them in the rusted, dirty condition, he chose to sandblast them and polish them down and refinish the nuts and bolts. And even though nobody would see them, he desired every aspect of the car to be restored to its original glory. I asked, "Were there days requiring hours of research, both online and making phone calls with no apparent progress?" He said, "Absolutely yes." I said, "Were there appointments requiring long drives to just get one little part?" He said, "Absolutely yes." "Were there times you chose to sacrifice other fun activities to work on the car?" He said, "Absolutely yes." What fueled his persistence? Well, well, let let me let me just You and I together saw it for the first time. Yeah. Do you remember this? Yeah. We went and he said, "Do you want to see the car? It's finished." I said, "Yes." We He said Alec was with us, too, if I don't if I remember right. We were on the Killing Kryptonite tour. And I actually got some pictures of it. Look, look at these pictures. I couldn't believe it when he opened up the hood of that thing. It was like I got transported in the 1960s and I'm looking at brand new 66 Chevelle SS. You could eat dinner on that engine. You could eat dinner on the car. It was perfectly clean, perfectly polished. There wasn't one scratch, one rust spot there. There wasn't any dirt anywhere. I mean, this thing was gorgeous. All right. So, what fueled his persistence? What kept him from giving up? It was his vision. Do you know what's interesting to me? If you if you saw Dale, one of the thing that took a lot of time, I mean probably 40, 50, 60 hours was building the carburetor. Okay. Do you know carburetors don't exist in cars anymore? What is a carburetor? It injects the fuel into the engine. Do you know that carburetors got replaced in 1990 by fuel injection systems? But Dale spent hours and hours and hours and hours and hours building the carburetor. If you saw him building that carburetor, you would mock. You would laugh. Yeah. What in the world are you doing? Those things went out 30 years ago. But yet he is spending literally I I mean dozens of hours building this thing because he's got a vision of the overall picture. He's got a vision of the 1966 Chevelle being brand new like going back into time. Well, listen to what let me tell you something. That restraint from his vision of a finished car, that restraint kept him focused. Yeah. So, as a former tennis player, I remember Ardan, when I was in high school, I chose to miss two proms. I chose to miss a lot of other social events because I had a dream. I I mean, I played the USA Circuit. I played Junior Davis Cup, but my dream was I wanted to start on an NCAA Division One tennis team. And I would spend six hours a day. My mom literally threatened. She said, "I I I am going to move your bed down to the tennis court." Yeah. Because I was on a tennis court 6 hours a day. I'd leave school and we'd drive straight to the indoor courts in winter and we drill for for hours. Okay. Because I wanted to start and and and and the dream was fulfilled. I started on the Purdue varsity tennis team. And you know, my claim for your tennis fame is that you have an indirect win over John McEnroe. Well, then it goes over some information. So I was hitting with a guy and could stay with a guy who beat a guy who beat John McEnroe. That was a very indirect one. It was a very indirect thought you beat the guy in a tournament that beat John McEnroe in a tournament. So that that's much more. But listen to what Paul says. 1 Corinthians 9. Don't you realize that in a race everybody runs but only one person gets the prize? Now listen to what Paul says to you and I. So run to win. Now you're not competing against other Christians. You're competing against the world. All athletes are disciplined in their training. That I just remember us getting up at six o'clock in the morning going down the courts hitting crosscourt forehands, crosscourt backhands. Then we would hit approach shots, down the line approach shots, crosscourt approach shots. We would do overheads. We just do drills, drills, drills, drills. We were disciplined in our training because I had a goal. I saw the end picture. I'm going to start for an NCAA, you know, Big 10 tennis team. They do it to win a prize that will fade away. But we do it for an eternal prize. So I run with purpose in every step. Paul said, "I've got purpose in every step." What is purpose? Purpose is fueled by eager anticipation. Yeah. I run with purpose in every step. I discipline my body. Listen to what Paul's saying. I discipline my body like an athlete. He's not a couch potato. He's not sitting there scrolling through Instagram four hours a day. He's not even doing it an hour a day. He has purpose in every step. He disciplines his body. He trains it to do whatever it should. Otherwise, I fear that after preaching to others, I myself might be disqualified. Wow. So, what's what's the prophetic vision? A lot of people don't get it. You see the second coming. You know what you see it as? You see it as an event. That's why you're not eagerly anticipating it. It's so much more than an event. As I wrote this book, I realized it is actually a marriage. It is a deeply in love bridegroom who cannot wait to be united with his bride. I'm talking about Jesus Christ. He's waiting for the father to look at him and say, "Go get your girl. Go get your bride." That's us. So, here's Jesus. You know, he's died for us. He has suffered terribly for us, and he's just waiting for the father to say, "Go get her." Okay. Now, I'm I'm I'm going to take you back. Lisa and I got engaged June June the 6th, 1982. We were married October 2nd, 1982. So, it was a four-month engagement. That four months, Ardan, I'm I'm going to ask you because you you and I both have similar experience. Okay. That four months to me felt like two years. I mean, a day seemed like a week and a week seemed like a month. Yeah. Right. because I could not wait to be I was so eagerly anticipating being married to my girl. Right. Now, what got even harder was she she the last two months of our engagement, I'm in Dallas working as an engineer for Rockwell, she she flies back to Indiana to get the all the wedding ready. And I'm like, "Oh my gosh." Now it was really hard because I didn't see her for two months. Yeah. And um that that literally a day seemed like a week. And I remember when I flew up to see her and I and and she walked into that luggage claim. Oh my gosh, my heart was just overwhelmed. But what I really remember is she spent hundreds of hours getting that dress ready, getting the church ready, getting the the the the home ready that we had a reception in. But nothing was more beautiful to me than when she appeared at that back door with her dad and she had on her beautiful wedding garment and she came walking down with longing eyes. I mean what I've been eagerly anticipating for four months I'm watching come to pass. Yeah. That's the way Jesus feels about us. That's the way we should feel about him. Yeah. I want to ask yourself, are you like are you like a bride that she and her groom are separated? I mean, Lisa and I were on the phone every night talking about, okay, it's only it's only it's only 46 more days. It's it's only 32 more days. It's only. Is that is that I look at when I was a kid at Christmas time, I mean, my my sister and I, our rooms had joined, we would stay up till 11 o'clock at night talking about what we were anticipating Christmas. I couldn't even sleep Christmas night because I couldn't wait to get to those packages and open up. That eager anticipation kept me awake. Is that the way you are about your groom coming back or is it just an event to you? See, what I realized when I was writing this book is that Jesus paid a very, very, very high price because for the joy set before him, he endured the unbearable pain, agony, and even the forsaking of his father for a few moments. I realized that he did it because he saw his bride. He saw Listen to me. I've been married I've been married now for 43 43 years this year. When Lisa and I first got married, we loved each other. We enjoyed working together. But after four decades, I can tell you this honestly. I am so much more in love with Lisa than when we first got married. I I am I mean the love is so deep and strong for my wife. I I she is my favorite person to be with. I love doing things with her. The whole vision began before man was ever created. God said, "I want a family. I want a family. But even more, I want a bride for my son." So, the Trinity had a meeting. I mean, listen to this. Even before he made the world, God loved us and chose us in advance to adopt us into his own family. That's Ephesians 1:3. Okay? God says God says we're we're going to create human beings and he says they're going to mess up. See, God's not bound to time. Here's Adam. Here's Moses. Here's Jesus being born. Here's you and I today. God is here. He's not bound to time. So God sees the end from the beginning. And God says, "We're going to create mankind. They're going to mess up. Son, would you be willing to die for him?" "Yeah, Dad. I'll do it." So that's why Jesus called the lamb slain from the foundations of the world. God says, "I want a family. But even more, I want a bride for my son because there are going to be there's going to be a universe of development and and and and and people throughout eternity. But I want my son to have a bride to govern with them." When you understand that it's the it's not just an event, it's the reuniting of a groom and a bride like on their wedding day, then all of a sudden now you're eagerly anticipating it. Yeah. If you just see as an event, well, yeah, it's an event. I I'm enjoying myself here right now. I'm really more excited about the World Cup soccer coming up, but you know, Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Jesus is coming. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I find the closer I get to him, the more I yearn. You know, Paul said, "We groan. We groan within our bodies to be what? to put on our heavenly bodies so that we can see him and behold him face to face and he can behold us." There is a desire in him. There should be a desire in us to be reunited. Yeah. That's the vision. I love that. And it just that's that's what gives people something to continue to keep fighting for and for and striving for. Yes. So there's so much more to it. I mean, I spent chapters on this, writing about the uniting of the bride and groom. Guys, you got to remember the Apostle John writes, "Behold, what manner of love the Father has bestowed on us that we should be called children of God." I want you to stop and think about it. This is God Almighty. This is the one who Moses said when he saw him, he said, "I was fearing and trembling." This is the one that Job, who was the most godly man on the planet. God said he was the most godly man on the planet. When he saw the Lord, he said, "I abhore myself." Because all of a sudden, he realized who I am compared to this mighty, mighty God. I mean, Isaiah, one of the most godly men in Israel, he's a preacher of righteousness, sees the Lord and he cries out, "Woe is me. I'm unclean and the people I live with are unclean." The seraphim so mighty, so mighty that their cries of holy shake an arena that seats over a billion people to its foundations. They're still crying holy every moment. They're not saying, "I want to go to some other place in the universe. They don't want to be anywhere else." This God, you know, Ardan, I mean, Psalm 8, Psalm 8 is amazing. Do you know how David wrote the psalm that said, "My God, my God, why have you forsaken me? I have come in the," it was David actually writing what Jesus would say. Well, I believe Psalm 8, these mighty seraphim that would cry out holy and shake the whole arena of God. I think I really think I don't have Bible to prove that. I I don't have a scripture to prove this, but I think Psalm 8 is one of those seraphim because those seraphim they travel with God wherever he goes. Did you know that? I mean when Ezekiel saw God's throne moving towards him, yeah, the seraphim were moving with the throne. So these seraphim are with God wherever he goes. I think this is one of the seraphim. Listen to Psalm 8:3 and 4. When I look at the night sky and see the work of your fingers, so think about it. The closest star, the closest star to the earth is four light years away. That would take about 570 million hours of flying non-stop. Okay, but yet Andromeda, the closest galaxy is 2.3 million light years away. Okay, so these seraphim watch God create put the stars in the fingers with his universe. Right? When I think about the night sky and think of the work of your fingers, the moon, the stars that you set in place, what is this, this is the seraphim. What are these human beings that you should think about them? And David wrote in another psalm, he said, "Your thoughts about me outnumber every grain of sand that's on this planet." The reason he's so eager for you is because he thinks about you. His thoughts about you are in the billions. Okay? He thinks a lot about you. That's that's us individually. That's not the church collectively. He said, "What are human beings that you should think about them that you should care for them?" Because this seraphim is looking the they're also called four living creatures is looking at this mighty God who they keep crying holy because every moment another facet of his greatness is revealed to them and he looks at this little speck of a man who's nothing. I mean when human beings see angels they they freak out. Okay, these angels are so mighty, but yet they cry holy and then he watches holy God. And this holy God not only crowns man with glory, but holy God says, "I want them to be a part of my family." I mean, that's like a king, the most powerful king ever, can't be defeated, goes to one of his outer realms, goes to the slums, finds this kid who's in the who who lives who lives on the street and says, "I want him. I not only want him to be my son, I want him to be heir of any everything I own." Yeah. Oh my gosh. And I want him to marry my daughter. Or or let's say it's a girl. I want her to marry my son. I want her to be the queen of my kingdom. Yeah. My son's wife. I want her to be queen and I want to be heir of everything I own. And I want her to sit on the throne with my son.
