TITLE: These End Times Timelines Are All Lining Up at Once...
SPEAKER: John Bevere
CHANNEL: John Bevere TV
SOURCE_URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNaQ_piQk_A
PUBLISHED: NA
DURATION_MIN: 0.0
SOURCE_TYPE: sermon
---
What if God actually gave us a prophetic timeline? And what if we are living in that time period right now? Nothing else needs to happen prophetically according to scripture for Jesus to come back for us right now. That shows why today you have so much controversy and confusion around prophetic scriptures because people look at maybe one or two verses and they build their whole theology around it.

We are expected to know the season. Not the day or the hour, not the week, not the month, not the year, but the season. Anywhere between now and I'm going to tell you from the scripture, from what Jesus said, I believe we're actually going to see the return of the Lord Jesus.

Paul makes a statement that I think a lot of people don't see this and that is 1 Thessalonians 5:4. Paul says to us believers, "You aren't, okay, I'm going to stress this. You are not in the dark about these things, dear brothers and sisters. And you won't be surprised when the day of the Lord comes like a thief."

In the days of Jesus' first coming, there were people that actually knew the season and actually were able to pinpoint it down to the year and even the week of his execution. This was the Essene community because they really trusted in the reliability of the scripture. They didn't read into it. They didn't add to it. They didn't try to put their own interpretation in. They searched carefully about what the scripture said and they nailed it.

Jesus said Mark 13:32, "but of that day or hour. No one knows, not even the angels of heaven, nor the son, but only the father." So Jesus doesn't even know. Just like the ancient Jewish wedding, the groom doesn't know the appointed evening that he's going to go and catch away his bride. It's not until the father says to the groom, "This time, go get her."

I think it's remarkable that centuries ago, before Jesus even came, God had the Jewish people devise a wedding that actually reflects the way Jesus is coming back for his bride.

Only God knows the exact date. So we can't look at this like the first coming where the Essenes knew they could pinpoint it down to the week. No, we don't. And there's wisdom in this because God wants us to stay ready. It's an eminent return.

We want to live like he's coming right now. But we want to plan as if he's not coming back for 200 years because he said occupy until I come.

If you look at the controversy the Pharisees actually had a concept of how Messiah was going to come and they actually built it on Old Testament scripture because Isaiah said for unto us a child is born a son is given the government will rest upon his shoulders and of his kingdom there'll be no end. What they don't see, they're looking for a physical kingdom and a conquering Messiah to come and deliver them from Roman oppression. What they don't understand is that there's going to be a big distance between a son is given and then the government shall rest upon his shoulders as far as this world earthly natural manifestation. That's where they missed it. Because people look at maybe one or two verses and they build their whole theology around it.

If you just put a couple of the pieces of the puzzle together, you might be totally wrong what you think that puzzle is going to end up. But when you put all the pieces together, all of a sudden now it comes together. And God did this on purpose because he wants us to inquire and search diligently.

He's on the Mount of Olives. His disciples come up to him. They say, "Look at how beautiful the temple is." And Jesus says, "Hey guys, there's not going to be one stone left upon another." And they were like, they said, "When?" So they ask him three questions. Number one, when will the temple be destroyed? Number two, what will be the sign of your coming? Number three, what will be the sign of the end of the age? Their questions actually deal with two different time periods. Period. Number one, when's this going to be destroyed? Is between 32 and 70 AD. But the second time period, what's going to be the sign of your return? That's 1967 to an unknown date in the near future.

If you look at what Jesus said about what would happen in 70 AD in Luke 21:24, he said they will be killed. He's talking about the destruction of Jerusalem when Titus comes in in 70 AD. They will be killed by the sword and sent away as captives to all the nations of the world, which is exactly what happened between 70 AD and I think it's 135. The last was the Bar Kaboa rebellion in 135. That is when every single Jew had either been sold to slavery, had run into exile or they were killed and eventually you could find a Jewish person in every single nation of the world. They will be killed by the sword or sent away as captives to all the nations of the world. And Jerusalem will be trampled down by the Gentiles until the period of the Gentiles comes to an end.

Jerusalem once it was destroyed came under Gentile nations that would actually govern Jerusalem, govern the territory of Israel. What are some of those nations? They were the Romans, the Byzantines, the Arab Caliphates, the Crusaders, the Mamluks, the Ottoman Empire, and it was finally the British Empire. But something magnificent happened in May 1948. It specifically was May 14th, 1948. Israel became a nation in one day.

Isaiah actually prophesied it. He said, "Who has heard, this is Isaiah 66:8, who has heard such a thing? Who has seen such things? Shall the earth be made to give birth in one day? Or shall a nation be born at once? For as soon as Zion was in labor, she gave birth to her children."

A nation of people exiled all over the world to practically every single nation for over 1,800 years. From 135 to 1948 is over 1,800 years. They kept their lineage pure. They kept their customs alive. Today they're speaking Hebrew. No nation has ever done this in the history of mankind. It is absolutely miraculous. And Isaiah prophesied it because listen to what Isaiah said in Isaiah 11:11 through 13. In that day, the Lord will reach out his hand a second time to bring back the remnant of his people. He will raise a flag among the nations and assemble the exiles of Israel. He will gather the scattered people from Judah and from the ends of the world.

What does he mean a second time? What was the first time? The first time was when Nebuchadnezzar came, destroyed, killed most the people. A very small remnant were taken captive and after 70 years, the process began where God brought back. That was the first time. The second time was 1948.

You've got Saudi Arabia founded in 1932. Do you know what its national tree is? The date palm tree. You've got Lebanon 1943. It's its national tree is the cedar tree. You've got Syria in 1945, olive tree. Jordan 1946, Mount Tabor oak tree. And then Israel 1948, the fig tree.

Israel did vote that the olive tree is their national tree. However, in Hosea 9, Jeremiah 8, and Jeremiah 24, God refers to Israel as his fig tree.

In basically 1967, Jesus's words were fulfilled. The gentile rule over Jerusalem, the capital, and remember that's the city God loves. That's where the new Jerusalem is going to actually come, right? Had come to an end. Now, Jewish people were ruling Jerusalem and Israel. Once again, that's huge.

Jesus makes this statement in Luke 21, verses 25-27. And there will be strange signs in the sun, the moon, the stars. And here on earth, the nations will be in turmoil, perplexed by the roaring seas and strange tides. People will be terrified at what they see coming on the earth. For the powers in the heavens will be shaken. Then everyone will see the son of man coming on a cloud with power and great glory.

Why did I read this? Because there's a lot of people that say Matthew 24, Luke 21, Mark 13 all happened in the first century. No, Jesus did not come with great power and glory in the clouds. That's why I said there are actually two time periods he's talking about. He's talking about the first century. He's talking about the 21st century.

In Revelation 1:7 opens up with behold he is coming in the clouds and every eye will see him even those who pierced him. So that tells us when Jesus returns in the clouds in great glory. Mighty men of the earth are going to cry out for the rocks to fall on top of them. They're going to hide in caves. They're going to cry out for the earth to cover them because of the glory. This is God Almighty. This is the one who put the stars in the universe with his fingers. He's literally coming back in all of his glory on a white horse with his saints with him. This is going to be quite a day and it's something the prophets of old even wrote about long before Jesus's first coming. Isaiah writes so much about it. So does Zechariah about when he returns and he judges the nations.

Jesus says, "So when all these things begin to happen," Have they begun to happen? Yes. It began to happen in 1967, right? Well, actually really 1948, but our start date is 1967, right? Because that's when Jesus said that the time of the Gentiles is fulfilled. Then what? This generation's not going to pass until all these things come to pass.

So when all these things begin to happen, stand and look up. The Greek words for stand and look up are remarkable. There's actually a whole chapter on stand and look up.

For your salvation is near. Then he gave them this illustration. Notice the fig tree. Or any other tree. He didn't just say fig tree or any other tree. When the leaves come out, you know without being told that summer is near. In the same way, when you see all these things taking place, you can know that the kingdom of God is near. I tell you the truth. Jesus Christ has to preface the statement with, "I'm telling you the truth." What is it? This generation will not pass from the scene until all these things have taken place. Heaven and earth will disappear, but my words will never disappear. He sandwiches this with, I'm telling you the truth, and heaven and earth can pass away, but my words won't. What is it? When you see the fig tree blossom and when what? The Jews have control over Jerusalem. That started in 1967.

He says this generation. A generation from Nelson's Bible dictionary. A body of people who lived at the same time in a given period of history. We have a generation being 40 years in the Bible. We have a generation represented as 70 years. And then if you look at the patriarchs, it's 100 years.

A body of people who lived at the same time. There are a lot of people that were alive in 1967. There are people who were born in 1967. So basically people live to be about a hundred years old with all of our medical things 95. So I'm going to lean to a generation being 100 years, not 40, not 70 but 100 because of this definition of this word a body of people who live at the same time in a given time in history.

So now if 1967 is our start time what does that bring us to? 2067.

So what am I saying? We're in the season. We're in the time period. Anywhere between now and 2067, I'm going to tell you from the scripture, from what Jesus said, I believe we're actually going to see the return of the Lord Jesus.

There is another proof of this in scripture and that is found in Hosea chapter 5 and 6 because you don't want to put everything on just one interpretation. If you look at Hosea 5 and 6, Hosea says it's going to be after 2,000 years that God would revive the Jewish people. Paul said that God's attention turned to the Gentiles until the time of the Gentiles was fulfilled. That has been a 2,000-year time period.

We are told in Psalm 90 verse 4, this is exactly what it says. For a thousand years in your sight are but as yesterday when it's passed. So in other words, one of God's days is a thousand of our years. That's what Psalm 90 verse 4 says. Peter said, "But you, beloved, must not forget this one thing. A day with the Lord is a thousand years, and a thousand years is a day." That's second Peter 3:8.

The church fathers and the ancient Jewish fathers all taught that mankind would have 6,000 years and there would be a 7,000 year that the Messiah would reign on earth. And this all correlates with creation because God created the earth in six days and he rested on the seventh.

Job makes the statement in Job 5:19. He shall deliver you in six troubles. Has there been trials and troubles in these 6,000 years? Yes. In seven, no evil will touch you. The millennial reign of Christ, Satan is bound for a thousand years. Job talking about the 6,000 years for men and the final thousand year Jesus ruling and reigning and that being the time of rest, no evil touching us.

The epistle of Barnabas in chapter 15, verses 7-9. Listen to what Barnabas says. Therefore, children, in six days or in 6,000 years, all the prophecies will be fulfilled.

Irenaeus was one of the great church fathers, well respected. He wrote a book called Against Heresies. In chapter 5:28, this is what he says. A day with the Lord is a thousand years. And in six days creation created things were completed. It is evident therefore they will come to an end in the 6,000th year.

Hippolitus his commentary on Daniel he says in chapter 2:4 and he wrote this book in AD 205. The Sabbath is a type of the future kingdom for a day with the Lord is a thousand years. Since then, in six days the Lord created all things. It follows that in 6,000 years all will be fulfilled.

Commodians wrote in AD 240, we will be immortal when the 6,000 years are completed.

The church fathers and the Jewish fathers saw time broken up into four ages. The age of creation or they call it the age of chaos is 2,000 years. The age of the law or the age of Torah is 2,000 years. The age of grace, they actually called it 150 years before Jesus came. The Essenes wrote the age of grace would be 2,000 years. And they said the kingdom age would be 1,000 years.

God created the son on the fourth day. When was Jesus born? In the beginning of the 4,000th year, right? God rested on the seventh day of creation. That is when we will go through the millennial rest where Jesus will rule and reign with his resurrected bride.

Smart people have taken the book of Genesis, the book of Jasher, which Jasher is referenced three times in the Bible and it was found in the Dead Sea Scrolls. They've taken from the book of Chronicles, the book of Ezra. They have been able to determine this is mind-blowing. They discovered that Adam was actually created because remember it says when he was 130 years old, he had Seth. They were able to pinpoint it. They said Adam was created around the year 3925 BC.

I know some people say, "Hey, strictly universe was created, 6,000 years ago." I see some things in the Old Testament that can show that there might have been some things on earth that happened long before Adam was created because if you look at Genesis 1:2, it says the earth was without form and void. The Hebrew words mean chaotic. I never see God creating anything chaotic. So that could this been from the result of maybe Lucifer falling into the earth creating chaos and there been some kind of other species that maybe they became disembodied spirits and you know we could it could be the Nephilim. Could be these people that were around and I don't know if they were people but beings that were around before.

We do know that Adam was created in 3925 by just looking at the genealogies.

If you add 2,000 years, what do you get? 3925 plus 2000 is 1925. Do you know that's the time that Abraham was walking the earth? It's remarkable.

If you add 2,000 years to 1925, where do you come to? You add 2,000 years to 1925 BC, you come to 75 AD. When was the temple destroyed? 70 AD. When was the second temple destroyed? 72 AD. So you can see all the animal sacrifices stopped in 72 AD.

Jesus came in 32, and the Essenes taught that most prophecies would be fulfilled the final 50 years of an age. The age ended, the age of the law ended in 25 AD. The final 50 years was 25 to 75. Jesus is crucified in 32 AD and then we've got the temples being destroyed in 70 and 72. Isn't that interesting?

If you add 2,000 years for the age of grace to 75 AD, where do you come to? 2075. Remember I said if you put a generation to when Jerusalem is taken, you get 2067. So do you see that our two different references are coming out around the same time period? So do you see that we are absolutely in the season?

Peter writes second Peter 3:2-4. I want you to remember what the holy prophet said long ago and what our Lord and Savior commanded through your apostles. Most importantly I want to remind you in the last days scoffers will come mocking the truth following their own desires. They will say what happened to the promise of Jesus second coming from before the times of our ancestors. So you can see these people are not unbelievers. Everything has remained the same since the world was first created. So they believe in creation. They call the church fathers the fathers. So you can see these are actually believers making fun of the very fact that Jesus will return. That's scary.

Peter goes on to say they deliberately forget that God made the heavens long ago by the word of his command. He brought the earth out of the water and surrounded it with water. Then he used the water to destroy the ancient world with a mighty flood. And by the same word, the present heavens and earth have been stored up for fire. They are being kept for the day of judgment when ungodly people will be destroyed. Are you forgetting the fact that God caused an entire ocean to split and people to walk across dry ground? Are you forgetting the fact that God gave people three million people and their animals drink in the middle of the Sinai desert? He's saying, you have lost sight of how powerful the God is that we are serving.

Peter concludes by saying, but you must not forget one thing. What's the one thing he tells us not to forget? A day is a thousand years, and a thousand years is a day. To the Lord, one day is a thousand years.

Hosea 5:14 and 15. Hosea 6:1 to 3. He said, "I'm going to tear Israel into pieces, and I'll return to my place." To return to your place means you had to leave it and then go back. Jesus left his place by the father came to this earth in the first century and then he went back to his place with his father and in that very same first century Israel was torn into pieces.

What does he say will happen the very next verse? Come. This is Israel speaking. Let us return to the Lord for he has torn us but he'll heal us. He has stricken us but he will. After two days he will revive us. Paul said God is going to take a group out of the Gentiles. He said and then all of Israel is going to be saved. All of Israel.

If you look at the book of Zechariah, Zechariah says that two-thirds of the Jews are going to be killed by the Antichrist. The one-third that remains alive will go through the fire. They'll go through the trials and they will come out as pure as gold. God's going to revive them during that seven-year period. On the third day, what's the third day? The third thousand year after two days, 75 to 2075.

I'm going to take out of Gentiles and then at last seven years before 2075 comes, I'm going to turn my attention to Israel and all of Israel, Paul said, is going to be saved. They're going to realize this is Jesus is their Messiah. And on the beginning of the third day, what's the third day? What's the third day? 2075 to 3075. That's the thousand-year millennial. Jesus is reigning and ruling physically from Jerusalem.

If we're looking at these timelines, the shifts that are to take place within kingdoms, the shifts that are to take place within mankind, a lot of those shifts before Christ's return. What does that actually look like?

Daniel talks about the four different kingdoms, but then when the last kingdom he's talking about, he's talking about specifically a kingdom that's mixed. He's talking about mixture of iron and clay. Some are going to be weak kings and some are going to be strong kings. Could that be the mixture of man and technology? A lot of people think that.

I sometimes wonder if the false prophet talked about in Revelation is not AI, artificial intelligence. I don't want to go there. I want to stick with scripture. What I know to be true, but sometimes my mind floats over there.

The other thing my mind floats over is where is America? Where is America in the end times? You just don't see a presence of a United States in the book of Revelation. It causes me to think a lot and pray hard. I'm still praying about that.

The thing that's important is we're in the season. We're in the season of his coming, which tells us, hey, that bride, that groom, he would make the covenant with the bride in her family. He would go back and build a room off his father's house. And about a year later, because they always knew it was about a year, it wasn't exactly, it could be a few months before, a few months after, the father would say, "Go get her."

We are living in the time that I believe the father's going to look at the son and say, "Go get your bride."

Here's where all the controversy comes up. Does he take the bride before the seven-year tribulation, in the middle of the seven-year tribulation, or at the end of the tribulation? I spent four chapters writing about it in the book.

As you're talking about all these things, Simeon is really important because we looked at the three attributes of Simeon, what he was doing, which was that he was a man that was righteous and then he feared the Lord. He was devout and then he was waiting. The Bible specifically says that he was filled with the Holy Spirit.

As we are entering into this time period or in this time period, we have to be hyper aware as believers of the leaning and pressing into the Holy Spirit, having that awareness, making sure that we're living. Living in the fear of the Lord, living in a devoutness because understanding that the Holy Spirit is going to be our guide in this place. It's going to be able to shift through what is flesh and what is not, what's spirit, and be able to look at something and say, "No, that's just my flesh speaking. I don't, I'm not living with a spirit of fear. I'm living underneath the Holy Spirit."

I cried out to God. I said, first of all, I don't want to write a book on this. But I cried out and I said, "Holy Spirit, I can't even write a paragraph in this book without your help." I kept crying out, searching diligently the scripture because the last thing I want to do is lead people astray. This book is really more about transformation. It's more about being prepared and being ready. One of the ready wise virgins who's filled with the Holy Spirit, who goes in with him. There's 28 chapters. Four of the chapters I cried out to God and I went through the scripture and God started showing me things in the scripture I had never seen before about the time of whether the bride is going to go before the tribulation, mid-tribulation, or at the end of tribulation.

The early church had meals where they talked about nothing but prophecy because it's second most written about subject in the entire Bible other than salvation. God made it this way because he wanted us to talk together, to discuss things, not to argue, not to be dogmatic, but to love one another and to encourage one another with these words. Paul writes that twice when he's talking about the catching away of the bride. He says, "Encourage each other." Not put fear into each other, not to scare one another, but to encourage and comfort one another.

This encourages me. This comforts me. It excites me. I can understand why Simeon had eager expectation. And why we are told to have eager expectation for the coming of the Lord.
