TITLE: The End Times Timeline Nobody Taught You
SPEAKER: John Bevere
CHANNEL: John Bevere TV
SOURCE_URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCys8bsXZSU
PUBLISHED: NA
DURATION_MIN: 0.0
SOURCE_TYPE: sermon
---
Are we in the last days? I mean, they've been saying it for centuries. They thought about it in the 1200s, 1600s, 1700s. One of the things that really deterred me from this was people setting dates. The rapture is going to happen at this date. Don't do that. Nobody knows the day or the hour. Not the angels of God, not even the son of man. However, the second coming isn't an event. It's actually let's just be ready at all times. Second coming will happen whenever it happens. Is that eagerly anticipating his coming? No. Why are they doing that? Because they don't understand the times. Why don't they understand the times? Could it be possible they're sleeping with the world. His second coming can happen at any moment.

I've gone four decades and not preached one message on the second coming. And people used to ask me, "Don't you talk about the second coming?" I'd say, "No, that's not my calling." That's what I would always say. And it's interesting about four years ago, the Holy Spirit started drawing me in in my personal walk. I had always kind of dabbled with it. And the more I started diving in, the more important I realized it was. And I started seeing fruit in my life. Number one, I became more passionate about ministry. I became more passionate about getting people saved. I became kinder to my wife. I became a lot more patient with my family. I didn't get upset as easy. I started noticing the fruit of the spirit was actually good.

Now, what kept me from talking about the second coming is back in the 80s when your mom and I were young believers. There was this guy who wrote a book called 88 Reasons Why Jesus come back in 1988. Well, 88 came and gone. And 2000 came and gone. I started noticing people started stop paying their house payments. Stop paying their credit card payments. They started doing stupid things. They started becoming idle. And I thought, "No, no, this is not right." Well, it deterred me. And as I started studying in my personal life four years ago, I realized that anytime eschatology, and that's a big word, but eschatology simply means the study of end times, anytime it's preached and people get lazy start sitting around looking to escape the what's coming on the earth. I realize either it's not being presented correctly or it's not being heard correctly.

So let me ask you please as we talk about this and believe me when you read this book I make sure that it is heard correctly because we have a responsibility. There is a statement in revelation that absolutely grabs my attention and that is this. The wedding feast of the lamb has come and the bride, the bride would be the church his wife has made herself ready. It does not say God made her ready. She made herself ready and to her it was granted to be arrayed in fine linen. For the fine linen is the righteous acts of the saints. All of a sudden I'm like, wait a minute, we got a responsibility here. And then I discovered another scripture in 1 John chapter 2 where John says little children abide in him. So when he says little children, is he talking to all humanity? No. Little children abide in him. New living translation says remain in fellowship with him. So that when he appears we may have confidence and not be ashamed at his coming. I thought wait a minute this is Christians. There's Christians going to be ashamed and there's Christians going to have confidence. All of a sudden I'm realizing, wait a minute.

I know one of the things that really deterred me from this was people setting dates. The rapture is going to happen at this date. Don't do that. Nobody knows the day or the hour, not the angels of God, not even the son of man. Don't try to go over to the little maybe coincidental thing. Not trumpets. The day or hour that nobody knows because it's over two days. It was the first sighting of the moon. I thought don't do that. Let's just be ready at all times. Let's prepare ourselves.

This book here is really more about what we're supposed to be doing to be ready and be prepared. You know, it's interesting. When I was at Purdue University, we didn't have phones like you guys got these phones. Finals week. You got this phone, too. Everybody has finals week, right? If you've ever been to university, you're familiar with finals week. It's the week that I remember fraternity brothers were pulling all-nighters because all semester long they're partying about four nights a week, five nights a week. They're out playing football, frisbee, everything all through the day, chasing girls. And then all of a sudden, they're not they're skipping classes and all of a sudden finals week comes and they're not ready. They're not ready.

My dad paid my education and I had fear and trembling about having a bad report card. So, my final week began the very first day of the semester. I found friends that would be good study partners. I would go to the library to get away from my fraternity brothers so I wouldn't be influenced by their behavior. And when I entered finals week, it was just reviewing for me. For them, it was cramming. But all that to say this, we would have to go to the engineering building. It was a mechanical engineering at Purdue University. Now, there's several engineering buildings. It's a whole mall of buildings. We'd have to find out the building, the classroom, and the time. And it was on a paper thing that was listed. That took me 10 minutes. I basically had to go into the building, jot down when my times were, what classrooms, and I'm done. But I spent hours and hours and hours and hours preparing for that final.

So, in essence, when I look at eschatology, are we spending our time talking about the blood moons, the tsunamis, the wars, the rumors of wars? These are important just like it's important for me to get the classroom. But where should the majority of our time be spent? Is the preparation which is what this book deals with. Because that's so much what we're talking about today. You got five virgins that are prepared. Five virgins that aren't prepared. Why didn't you say one? One was not prepared. Nine were prepared. That causes me to shiver. And I believe the prophetic voice in the body of Christ. Remember it says all the virgins fell asleep and then a voice was heard. The bridegroom is coming now. Now these are all virgins. They're not harlots. They have lights. They are looking for the return of their bridegroom. But five of them aren't ready. Even after the prophetic cry comes, everybody wake up. The bridegroom is coming. And so I realized how important it is for us to be prepared.

Are we in the last days? I mean they've been saying it for centuries. I would say yes. They thought about it in the 1200s, the 1600s, the 1700s, the 1800s. Makes our generation any different? I remember the little program that we used to have where it was the jumpers ministries. It's like look around you. We are living in the last days. So I just remember growing up obviously always hearing that we are in the last days.

So as I start writing this book, I know was this was the Holy Spirit because I never thought about it. I thought, well, wait a minute. There were people who were ready for Jesus's first coming, recognized his first coming, and there were people that weren't ready and people who didn't recognize him. And I thought, wouldn't it be best to go back and see the differences between the people that were ready and the people that weren't ready?

So, I go back and I discover that first of all, when he's born, Herod the king finds these leaders and says, "Where is this king going to be born?" This is in the Gospels. And they tell him exactly it's in Bethlehem. How do they know that? Because Micah wrote about it. So, I believe these leaders he went to were a part of a group called the Essenes. Back in the days of Jesus, you have the Pharisees, the Sadducees, the Pharisees were really the governmental and religious leaders. And do you know a Pharisee to complete his training had to memorize the first five books of the Bible? Genesis, Leviticus, Numbers, Exodus, Deuteronomy. It's not like he's memorizing the gospels. He's memorizing those. I'm like, I don't know very many people that can memorize all four gospels in the book of Acts. So, these guys were very skilled in scripture. But yet, when Jesus is casting out demons right in front of their eyes, when he's healing the sick right in front of their eyes, they're fighting against him.

But then I look at this guy named Simeon. This guy is amazing because I want to set this up. So you got this young couple who are not even from Judea. So the temple is in Judea. Now you got to remember the temple is magnificent. It's not a building like in the days of Solomon. It's buildings cuz Herod greatly enhanced it. And the temple area is teeming with people. So you can't think of a cathedral like today. You go to a cathedral and it's like you could walk in on a Wednesday and it's like two people are there, right? The temple is I mean you've got people buying animals. You've got them doing their sacrifices. You've got people in the temple area doing all kinds of stuff. Right.

He created buildings, made it absolutely gorgeous. And this was prophesied by the prophet Haggai. He said, "The glory of this latter temple is going to be greater than the former."

So here's this young couple. Nobody knows who they are. I mean, the guy's a carpenter and she's a young girl. They walk in with a 40-day old baby. All right. And this guy, Simeon, rushes over to them amidst all these people, has no idea who they are, but he holds up that 40-day old baby and says, "The Messiah." I mean, Mary and Joseph are blown away. I mean, I love it. I've actually got it. The Holy Spirit was upon Simeon and it revealed to him that he would not die until he had seen the Lord's Messiah. Now, that's interesting. The Holy Spirit revealed he would not die, but he would see the Lord's Messiah.

I have been hearing from so many leaders who didn't preach on the second coming. They said, "God is telling me, preach on this. Preach on this. Preach on this." I haven't had anybody say to me they're not going to die until they see the Lord's coming. But they all sense by the spirit and from the written scripture, it's so close.

All right. That day, the spirit led him to the temple. I love this. The steps of a good man are ordered of the Lord. So when Mary and Joseph came to present the baby Jesus to the Lord as the law required, so he's 40 days old at this point, Simeon was there. He took the child in his arms and praising God said, "Sovereign Lord, now let your servant die in peace as you have promised. I have seen your salvation which you have prepared for all people. He is the light to reveal God to the nations and he is the glory of your people Israel." Now listen to this. Jesus' parents were amazed at what was being said about him. Why is Mary amazed? Because when the angel Gabriel appeared to Mary, the Bible specifically says she pondered all these things in her heart. She didn't even tell her betrothed.

When Joseph hears about Mary, he thinks it's he's going to he's going to put her away privately. He's going to divorce her. Cuz you're married when you're betrothed and while you're in your separation stage, which is usually about a year, he finds out she's pregnant. He's like, "She's been unfaithful. I'm going to divorce her." Our engagements, you don't divorce. You just break the engagement. Back then Mary, you were there once you agreed on the betrothal.

So Joseph gets this dream that what's in her is holy. It's from the Lord. She ponders it in his heart. They have not told anybody. Maybe their closest relatives. I mean obviously this guy walks up and starts saying things that she had been pondering in her heart and she's blown away by it.

All right. So, I started I start and I know this is the Holy Spirit. While I'm writing this book, I started thinking, okay, what's different about Simeon than the Pharisees? Because I look 33 years later, Jesus fullgrown. He's preaching like with authority, the secrets of the kingdom of God. He's casting out devils, raising the dead, opening up blind eyes. And these guys think he is a child of the devil. They think he's doing his miracles by the devil. They think he is a winebibber, a glutton, a friend of sinners. They think he's ungodly. So much so, I mean, you look at the whole three and a half years. You got a group of people that are putting their garments down when Jesus comes into Jerusalem. Then you got the Pharisees over there saying, "Crucify him." And the Sadducees and the others. Why are these people so different? I started thinking, okay, wait a minute, maybe if we do look at in antiquity and we and we kind of review the difference between these guys. We're going to understand who are the people that are really going to be sensitive to the Holy Spirit to Jesus's second coming just as the people there were people sensitive to his first coming.

I'm immediately thinking right now of John the Baptist because I think it's so interesting because obviously you're talking about Simeon but then John the Baptist obviously Bible says that John acknowledged Jesus in Mary's womb when you know when he's in his mother's womb Mary walks into the room he acknowledges Jesus he baptized Jesus out in the wilderness he watches the Bible says the Holy Spirit descends upon him like a dove. Yet then John the Baptist is the one who is writing from prison and saying, "Hey, are you really the coming one the son of God?" And I think it's so interesting because as you're saying these things is like one, yes, having that discernment, but that like hyper awareness of how we have to continue to be discerning these times and led by the spirit and aware of what God is doing.

Because here's John the Baptist who saw clear evidence, who was acknowledging Jesus from before he was even out of his mother's womb. And yet still he writes and asks that question and I think just what does Jesus do? He answers John. He says go back and tell John and he quotes Isaiah. The blind see, the deaf hear, the lame walk, those in prison have the gospel preached, right? And the captives liberty, right? But then he adds something on it. And PS, blessed is he who's not offended in me. Now remember Jesus called the stumbling stone the rock of offense.

John's sitting there trying to figure out I spent 30 years of my life in the desert as an Essene. Many people believe historians believe he was in a scene. I've spent 30 years in the desert. I preached the word. People come to me. I preached the word and my ministry only lasted six months. I mean, think about it. He's 6 months older than Jesus. He trains 30 years for basically a six-month ministry. And now all of a sudden, he has eaten locust and wild honey. He's lived in the desert. The word of the Lord comes to him in the desert and the people come out to him. True. But he's lived out there in the desert. And here's Jesus eating with sinners, going to their parties. He's not compromising, but but John's in prison hearing about this. And he's like, "Wait a minute. I I don't know anymore."

So and it's so interesting. And this is just kind of off topic, but obviously Malachi like the last the last thing that they had going off of in terms of if their book wasn't written in this way, but obviously what what we have is Malachi and the last verses from Malachi is talking about behold, I'm going to send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and awesome day of Yahweh. And so there's so much awareness of what John the Baptist was, but like you're saying, his ministry was six months. And I know there's even there's religions right now nowadays that are they've formed where their focus is solely on John the Baptist. They think Jesus was a prophet, but John the Baptist was actually the one that was sent.

And and so it's just interesting of that that awareness of John the Baptist ministry, what he's doing, and Jesus coming onto the scene and clearly discerning the time periods that they're in and what we've got to understand as we're in the last days, what that means, what that looks like for us.

Let's let's look what is the difference between Simeon and what is the difference between the Pharisees?

So to me there I got to know how does this guy recognize the Messiah when he's 40 days old and how do these guys not recognize the Messiah when he's casting out demons. Luke 2:25 gives us a little insight. It says that Simeon was righteous number one. He was devout number two. And he was eagerly waiting for the Messiah to come. Now let's talk about these three characteristics. He was righteous. What does the Greek word for righteous mean there? It means he conformed in his actions, listen to this carefully, conformed in his actions, not just his words, to his constitutionally just character. So in other words, he was a man that was obedient to the word of God, the scripture. He didn't just hear the scripture, he obeyed the scripture. So he is a man that is obviously pursuing, we would say it like this in the New Testament, he's pursuing holiness. He's totally focused every day. He's like denying himself. Take I'm going to put this in our language. Denying myself, taking up my cross, and following the Lord my God. He is passionate about obedience.

So if you look at Jesus, he said, "You Pharisees, you outwardly do all these commands as a pretense to show off your holiness, your godliness, but inside you are ravenous wolves. You are covetous. You are looking for the best places. You're full of pride, right? This man is not just godly outwardly. He's godly inwardly."

All right. So, the first characteristic here we got that separates him from the Pharisees is that he's really pursuing holiness, whereas they're doing everything out of pretense. What they're after is power. They're after the lusts of the flesh and the lust of the eyes. They loved money. The Bible says the Pharisees loved money. Doesn't say that money's wrong. The money is not a sin. Money is not the root of all evil. The love of money is they love money. Money is just a tool.

All right. So now second, he's devout. What does devout mean? The Greek actually defines this word is the fundamental meaning is one who is taken seriously God's promises and God's word. He doesn't have the attitude, well when Messiah comes, he'll just come.

What does Peter say is going to happen right before Jesus' second coming? He said, most importantly, I want you to know, this is second Peter chapter 3. Most importantly, he said, most importantly, above everything else, I want you to know in the last days, right before Jesus returns, mockers are going to rise up and say, where's the promise of his coming? Ever since the fathers fell asleep, all things remain the same. Now, wait a minute. These are people that call the church fathers fathers. These are not people that believe in evolution. They said ever since the creation, they actually say creation. They actually say church fathers. So these are people actually believe the gospel, but they're going to have this attitude. Maybe maybe they they read one too many books of why Jesus is coming back in 1988. Books like that, right? Maybe they've seen it and they develop, but more so it says they're going to be following after the dictates and the passions and the desires of their flesh. So these are going to be very fleshly people.

See, I don't think I I've been thinking a lot about this, Ardan. I don't think people realize that when you start pursuing flirting with and pursuing sin, indulgence of the flesh, you literally position yourself to be deceived. If you look at Romans 1, the more they they they get away from God in obedience to God. You see, three times in the New Living Translation, God turned them over. God turned them over. God didn't make them. He allowed them to go. If you look at Jesus when he tells the parables he said their eyes they have closed their ears they have shut lest they would understand with their heart.

So when you are a mocking person there's probably something a little deeper here. What happened is you started dating sin jumping in bed with the world. Now all of a sudden you get this attitude. See Jesus makes a statement that's amazing. He said, "He who wills to do his will will know that what I speak is the word of God."

Listen to that. He who wills, wills. To do his will. So, in other words, you will notice that in second Thessalonians, it says the people that are deceived right before Jesus second coming are people who didn't love the truth. They may have had the truth, but they didn't love it. Simeon is devout. He loves the truth. He wills to do God's will. And do you know what this word actually also carries the meaning of? The fear of the Lord.

So when you're saying this and and going back to even the 10 virgins, you're saying strictly not even so much of the world but the body of Christ because obviously you're talking about the Pharisees and then you're talking about the difference between the Pharisees and Simeon and that understanding of in the body of Christ there are those who have given themselves so much over to their own means or own awarenesses that they're not actively living in the state of the fear of the Lord and they're putting themselves in the position.

Unfortunately, the way grace has been taught and the way grace has been heard, so it may not necessarily be on the teacher. It might be on the hearer, they've looked at it, as Jude says, as permission to live an ungodly life.

So, they teach the grace of God that he said there'll actually be people coming in the last days. They'll actually teach that you can live in sin, but you're still covered by grace. You know what what I feel like has been such an an emergence of recently is the amount of churches that have now uh become which I feel like I did not see this as much but the amount of churches that are the overaffirming you know we we only we only talk about love here and all all kinds of love is love or or God accepts you however you're made and and whatever it is that you want to be you know you're seeing a lot more of these churches rise up. Is that a huge part of this in this end times because I feel like before it was like you had the separations of denominations which were more separations amongst the you know that we talked about a long time ago the major minors and the majors and majors and the minor you know the difference between there's some minors within the gospel that are not things that are detrimental to your salvation and there's disagreements amongst the body of Christ and that's how you have oftentimes a lot of these different denominations but now, what I feel like we're seeing is there's a lot of churches that are now becoming we're pro-sin and but yet God still loves us.

So, this is basically the deeds of the Nicolaitans that Jesus hated. This is what they taught. They said, "Don't worry about sin because your body is your body and it's going to do what it wants to do, but you're redeemed because you simply just acknowledge that Jesus has come." And that's a teaching that Jesus said he actually hated. And I think I think what it does is it removes the fear of the Lord because the fear of the Lord is to depart from evil.

Literally the fear of the Lord is what protects us from jumping in bed with evil, flirting with evil, dating evil. It's what keeps us from committing adultery against our bridegroom. This whole book, what became a reality to me is the second coming isn't an event. It's actually I'm going to say this not irreverently, but I'm going to use this word. It's a lovesick groom who can't wait to be united with his bride.

Think about it. When that groom when they were betrothed, he would leave and they wouldn't see each other again for it was usually around a year. Can you imagine? I mean, I know how much you love your wife, Christian. Can you imagine you get engaged and Christian goes away for a year? By the time you you fly in for that wedding, you're like, I can't wait to see her, right? I really believe that's the way Jesus is with us. He is so excited about being united with us. I mean, I just look this this book really caused me to realize that God wanted a bride for his son. Yes, he wanted a family. We all understand that, beloved. What manner of love the father has bestowed upon us that we should be called the sons and daughters of God. Man, is that amazing. We're actually the children of God. However, he just didn't want a family. He wanted a bride for his son. That the bride and the king could rule and reign over all of his creation forever and ever and ever.

But but what I love is this man, okay, he was he was righteous. He was devout and he was eagerly waiting. So he is eagerly looking forward to the first coming of Jesus. So I started bringing this over into us and I started thinking okay are we pursuing holiness which good idea keeps your lamp burning puts oil in your lamp. Are we it says without which no man will see the Lord. So that's good. All right. Are we devout? Are we walking in the fear of God? And are we eagerly looking? Because I believe when you do the first two, you have an eager because remember the Bible talks about he will appear to all who are eagerly looking for him. It says that in another epistle. So, that eager anticipation of him coming isn't created just out of the air. It comes out of us pursuing holiness and out of us walking in the holy fear and love of God. Then we have an eager anticipation. Why? Because we're the bride that is loves sick for her groom. We we are just living. I mean, here's Paul who says, "Man, it'd be far better for me to depart." Why? Because for me to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord. He's he's he's he just wants to be with Jesus. He wants to be reunited. He's not saying, "Man, I'm loving this life and I get heaven one day. Man, that's great." No, he has a heart to be united with his king.

Now, I'm looking at this and I'm like, "Okay, I'm seeing some correlations here that this man realizes it's the time of the Lord and he goes by the spirit." But also we know from history how devoted the Essenes were to the written scriptures. Now there's a second aspect here that I believe Simeon had that we don't get directly from here but we know from history and we know from scripture as far as other people go and that is he was aware of the times and the seasons.

Was Simeon in a scene? Yes. Okay. Aware of the time and season.

So, I'm going to read a scripture to you that's interesting. The sons of Issachar who had understanding of the times to know what Israel ought to do. So, their understanding the times created in them an awareness of how to behave.

Do you remember Jesus saying to Jerusalem, the people of Jerusalem that rejected him, if you had known? Even you, especially in this your day, the things that make for your peace, but now they're hidden from your eyes. For the days will come upon you where your enemies will build an embankment around you, surround you, and close you in on every side, and level you and your children within you to the ground, and they will not leave in you one stone upon another because here's the whole reason this is going to happen. You didn't know the time of your visitation.

We have times in the natural. We have seasons in the natural. Suppose you look at me and say um I I I know there are people that are not the fans of the president of the United States possibly, but let's just go there. John, you have been invited to have lunch uh dinner at the White House with the president of the United States on October 14th at 5:30 p.m. That's a set time. And you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to be prepared. I'm going to have my tux all cleaned up or my suit all cleaned up. I'm going to have my shirt dry clean. I'm going to start getting dressed. I'm going to arrive there early. Suppose at 5:00 on that day, I just go, "Oh, yeah, that's right. I'm having dinner." And I throw on a shirt like this and I just head there. Number one, I'm not taking this very seriously. Or let's say the date of this dinner is uh March 7th and let's say I show up on March 14th. I didn't understand the time. Therefore, I didn't do what was right. To know what Israel ought to do. They understood the times. Jesus is saying you didn't see the time of your visitation.

Now, there's a reason he says that. And the reason is why why is it that the Essenes know? Do you know the Essenes predicted to the very week the Messiah would be crucified? Because Daniel wrote Daniel the fast for 21 days. The angel Gabriel comes. He says a period of seven sets of seven has been decreed for your people. Now wait a minute. Who's Daniel's people? It's the Jews. In other words, Gabriel is saying, "God is going to deal with your people for seven sets of seven." That's 490 more years. And he makes a statement. He said, "Now listen and understand." Well, let me just keep reading this. This is Daniel 9:24-26. A period of seven, 70 sets of seven has been decreed for your people. Think Jewish people, not the church, and your holy city to finish their rebellion, to put an end to their sin, to atone for their guilt, to bring everlasting righteousness. We're talking about eternity here, to confirm the prophetic vision, and to anoint the most holy place.

Now listen and understand, seven sets of seven plus 62 sets of seven. So that's 69 of those 70 weeks, right? Will pass from the time the command is given to rebuild Jerusalem until a ruler, the anointed one comes. Jerusalem will be rebuilt with streets and strong defenses despite the perilous times. So the anointed one he's talking about is Jesus. So he's saying it's going to be what? 69 weeks of years. He's saying it's going to be 483. 69 times 7 is 483 years until this happens. After this period of 69 weeks, the now listen, I'm reading right from the Bible. The anointed one will be killed appearing to have accomplished nothing. When Jesus was crucified, his followers like, "He's accomplished nothing. He came. He was healing the sick. This is a senseless death." They they were they were flabbergasted, right? And a ruler who will arise whose armies will destroy the city and the temple. That of course would be Titus in 70 AD. This is what Jesus is prophesying. There will not be one brick left upon another. When Titus came into Jerusalem in 70 AD, the history says that he killed anywhere from 600,000 Jewish people to a million Jewish people. And they thought that they hid their valuables, their gold in the wall. So they tore down every stone. They also heard that they were swallowing their their coins, their gold coins. So they when the when the Roman soldiers found that out, they started disemboweling all these Jewish people. It was a absolute massacre. Jesus said, "Because you didn't realize because because you didn't know the time of your visitation."

Now, how do the Essenes know? Because Daniel gives them the time period. From the time that the command is given to rebuild Jerusalem. Who gave the command to rebuild Jerusalem? Artaxerxes did. He was the Persian king. Remember Babylon took Israel into or excuse me, Judah into captivity, right? But then Babylon was overcome in that 70 years by the Persians. And Artaxerxes was the Persian leader who Nehemiah was the cup bearer to and during the 20th year of his reign. Artaxerxes gives Nehemiah permission to take a group of people back to rebuild Jerusalem. Now this is amazing. The Encyclopedia of Britannica says that Artaxerxes took the Persian throne July of 465 BC. He took it in July of 465 BC. The 20th year of his reign would have been what? July of 445 because remember you're in BC. You're going backwards, right? So it was the first month of the year. Nehemiah 1 verse 2 says, so it has to be March. Now March is the first month of the year on the ancient Jewish calendar. All right, maybe I need to little take a little little break here and talk about this. We live by the Gregorian calendar. The Gregorian calendar is 365 days. Actually, it's 365.25 days a year. That's why we have a leap year. Every four years, we have a leap year. February 29th. The ancient Jewish calendar, there's there's the ancient Jewish calendar and there's the modern day Jewish calendar. They're different. The modern day Jewish calendar, when is the new year? It would be past October. It's Rosh Hashanah, right? It's right before the feast of trumpets. It's either September or October. Right. Do you know that God said in the book of Exodus, Exodus 12? Now, the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron in the land of Egypt, saying, "This month shall be the beginning of months. It shall be the first month of the year." And you know what he told them to do? The 14th day of that month is to have Passover. Passover is in the spring. It's March, April. So, you can already see the ancient Jewish calendar and the modern day Jewish calendar don't line up. The modern day Jewish calendar, I think it has 354 days in the year because it's based on lunar solar. The ancient Jewish calendar, ours has 365 days. The ancient Jewish calendar has 364 days in a year. Now, how do they work it out? There's 360 days, but they have four soulless days. They're just don't even count as days. So what's your equinox day? That's when you go from winter to spring, spring to summer, right? March 21st, June 21st, right? So when you go back here, March is the first month. If you look at our Gregorian calendar, it was Julius Caesar who changed everything in like 46 BC. But even the Gregorian calendar was set up with March being the beginning. Because if you look at it September se that's seven October a that's eight octagon eight right November no n is nine December decade
