TITLE: I Didn’t Want to Talk About This…
SPEAKER: John Bevere
CHANNEL: John Bevere TV
SOURCE_URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQsDTeQg6Yg
PUBLISHED: NA
DURATION_MIN: 0.0
SOURCE_TYPE: sermon
---
There is something spiritual, maybe even theological about these entities. They are not just advanced. They are other. There's nothing godly about what's going on. This is demonic.

Obviously the question we've always asked is there alien life form way out there that's way way far away and what does that effect have on the Bible? Well, the days of Noah is when you have all kinds of Nephilim and other beings that were hybrids of human and angelic walking the earth. Let's just be honest now. The cat's out of the bag. There are eight different references to giants in the Bible. Most of them are after the flood.

One of your producers wanted you talking about aliens, and you were like, "Whoa, no, no, no. I don't do that. I want to preach the gospel. I want to preach the word of God." And yet here we are now a year and a half later, not because it's the popular thing to talk about, but because there's something important about this conversation. It's really important that you stay to the end because some of the most important things are at the end and they're statements of protection.

Let's just be honest now. The cat's out of the bag. There is a documentary called The Age of Disclosure. You can rent this or even buy it on Amazon Prime. He brought in 34 high ranking government officials or naval officials or intelligence officials and they all testified about the reality of UFOs which they now call UAPs. UFO is an unidentified flying object. UAP is an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

The reason I kept avoiding this and I'm like, "No, I can't talk about this." But this scripture kept coming to me when Paul wrote to the Thessalonians, he said in 2 Thessalonians 2 verses 1-2, "Let us clarify some things about the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. Don't be so easily shaken or alarmed by those who say." There were some incorrect things being said. There were some deceptive things being said. But that wasn't what the Holy Spirit was highlighting to me. He said, "Son, there are going to be believers. There are going to be easily shaken by this and they're going to be alarmed. Some might even question their faith."

The second night he kept me up for 3 hours in the middle of the night from 1 to 4. The first night he started showing me what to say and I thought I'll remember tomorrow. The next day I tried to write it down. I couldn't. So the next night when he woke me up again I went up to my office slipped out of bed went up to my office and typed this whole thing out and then spent the next day organizing it.

I don't want to see you shaken. I don't want to see you alarmed. I don't want to see you question your faith. And I want you to understand that this is something that is real and needs to be addressed. This is something that as you broke down scripture, it's clear that this is a part of the end days.

I spent the entire year of 2025 writing this book, The King is Coming, which people can go ahead and pre-order. There might be one other book, but no book of the 25 books that I've written has impacted me personally. There were mornings I couldn't even talk. God had dealt with me so profoundly. Now, what we're talking about today, it's not in the book. But this is important.

Let's take a few minutes and let's review this documentary. You can order it on Prime. To my knowledge, it's still available on Prime. We're Prime members, so we bought it and we watched it as a family. I had one of our sons and daughter-in-laws with us and we watched it.

But in essence, they say in the documentary, and believe me, there are so many witnesses. They're trying to establish out of the mouth of two or three witnesses. He's got about 10. He's got 34 witnesses. Every word shall be established.

But there's an 80 year old global coverup by governments about the existence of nonhuman intelligent life. Number two, there's a secret program often referred to as the legacy program that has been operating since 1947 designed to retrieve and reverse engineer these UAPs. 1947 was the Roswell, New Mexico incident in which one of these UAPs crashed. The rancher found it. I have read his son's testimony. It's mind-blowing because immediately the government covered it up. The man actually on his deathbed started saying again, this is what really happened. So we have, and I think that was good to set it up because let's say if I am someone that's new to this conversation and obviously this has been an age-old question is like if aliens and which they're very clear in the documentary to not say that they are for sure out of this world or maybe they're from another planet or maybe there's no definite answer around there or that they're trying to say they testify they are actually saying on this documentary these beings seem to be interdimensional, not extraterrestrial.

And that's what I think I'm setting up here is they're very clear not to say that because I think obviously the question we've always asked is like is there alien life form way out there that's way way far away and what does that effect have on the Bible? So obviously someone coming into this conversation that hasn't watched the documentary but has definitely probably had that question pop up, here is this setup that there is clear evidence that there has been coverups that there has been sightings and then there has been very unusual phenomena that have been happening.

I think it's just so important as you as a father in the faith to actually talk about this because I remember hearing I think it was pastor Matt Chandler he said this where he said like what is it that we in the church should talk about? Nothing should be off the table. If we don't talk about it, then we let culture decide and dictate what that's going to look like. So when this brought up to you, it was very much of a, hey, look, we're going to have this conversation. Maybe this will just be a one-time episode or two time episodes. How many times we have to get through it? But this is so important because if we don't navigate it well and we don't have a spiritual leader speak into it, then it could leave a lot of question marks.

It could also make a lot of us believers, not knowing what the Bible says, look like we got our head in the sand, and that's what I don't want to see happen. There was even a guy in the documentary who confronted the man who was bringing out all this information. He said, "We need to leave those alone. That's demons." And in the Pentagon. And I thought it was interesting because I was thinking I was like, man, I wish he would have actually come to him with a clear and as I looked at your notes and actually come to him and said, "Hey, so this is what I think what you are discovering. Look what the Bible says."

We're going to walk similarities and show you how these things are definitely already talked about in scripture.

So let's get back to this. We got 34 former and current high level US government military and intelligence officials that all testify on this film. They have come before Congress, many of them, including Marco Rubio, who is currently Secretary of State. So we have a current standing and this is like one of the highest positions you can hold that is an intermediator between the president and the armed services.

Some of these testimonies include dramatic claims. UAPs sightings that defy known laws of physics, nonhuman biological material recovered from crash sites, UAP interference with nuclear weapon systems. We've just heard about that as recently as 2024. We've had 366 sightings reported since 2021.

Think of all the people that think, "I don't want to be seen as crazy. I'm not going to report this." So these are people that were so impacted by it, they said, "I don't care what people think about me. I've got to report this."

What's the observables? What are the things these people have seen? We're talking about skilled naval pilots, air force pilots, admirals have talked about this. Generals in the air force have talked about this. This is what they've observed. Current fastest aircraft that we have in our military known to mankind can travel 4,600 miles hour. UAPs that they observed, they said they were traveling 40,000 miles per hour. That is 10 times faster than any of our craft. Instantaneous acceleration is what they observed.

So in other words, these crafts would go from standing still to full speed like 20,000 miles an hour, 40,000 mph, just like that. They said that would literally kill a human being if a human being was in that craft. The SR71, which is our fastest jet, it takes half the state of Ohio just to turn 90° to turn all the way around. These things can do it on a dime. They can do a right angle turn.

UAPs leave no trace, no trails, no exhaust, no thrust. They hit hypersonic velocity without a sonic boom, which we've never been able to do. UAPs move through land, sea, air without compromise of performance. They would watch these things going in at high velocities in the air, go into the water, not even make a splash, travel that fast through the water, which our fastest vehicles in water are about 35 knots. These things are going like 100 miles an hour.

What you said there, you said this really quick. They would not make a splash. So there was no like wake that was being created. There was no water that was being splashed up. They would transition from air straight into the water with no residual effect essentially that was happening. These are air force and navy pilots that are observing them and watching them and showing clear evidence from their radar as it's picking it up.

A former naval oceanographer says this in the documentary. You have to stay to the end because this makes sense as you start breaking down what scripture says. The oceanographer said UAP have been observed in the ocean and if aliens are here, which he's one of the ones that think it could be aliens, but many of these people think they're interdimensional, which we'll talk about in a second. He said that's where they would be hiding since 80% of our world's oceans remain unexplored. They are suggesting that the ocean may be a hiding place for non-human intelligence or UAP associated phenomenon.

My own son, thirdborn son, reminded me when we watched this. He said, "Dad, do you remember we saw an alien creature come up out of the ocean and it scared us and another family was on the beach and they ran. That thing came out of the water. It was nighttime. And all of a sudden its eyes went pure fiery red. And another family that was on the beach with us ran. And we ran. This was when we were on vacation in North Carolina."

They are suggesting that the ocean may be a hiding place for nonhuman intelligence or UAP associated phenomenon.

I want to bring out some direct quotes from this documentary.

Quote number one, there is something spiritual, maybe even theological about these entities. They are not just advanced, they are other. Now, here's where I'm going to start bleeding into saying this is where great deception can occur because I'm going to tell you something. There's nothing godly about what's going on. This is demonic.

They emphasize these beings seem to be interdimensional, not extraterrestrial. I have a tough time with that word, et. This is a quote: we are not dealing with beings from distant planets, but with intelligence that operate in dimensions beyond ours.

Here's another direct quote. We have nonhuman biologics recovered from crash events. The first one being 1947 in Roswell, New Mexico. It's interesting to me. 1948 is when Israel became a nation. Jesus talks about the days right before his second coming. He said, "As the days of Noah, so will be the days before his second coming." Well, the days of Noah is when you have all kinds of Nephilim and other beings that were hybrids of human and angelic walking the earth. We're going to get to that. That's a little preview of what's coming from the scripture.

Here's another quote. These beings are real. They are not human. We have communicated with them.

Here's the key quote that's going to springboard us into the word of God. When the truth comes out, it will change every major institution, especially religion. Here is what I have to say to that. It may change religion. It may change the institution of religion, but it won't change true believers because it only confirms what we already know from the scripture. This is what science has often done. This is what discoveries have often done. And this is what I believe this is doing.

So here's the facts we already know from the word of God.

Colossians 1 verses 15 and 16. Christ is the visible image of the invisible God. He existed before anything was created and is supreme over all creation. For through him God created everything in the heavenly realms and on earth. The heavenly realms doesn't just mean heaven where God's throne is. It's talking about space. It's talking about the firmament where our airplanes fly, where our birds fly, all the way up to the exosphere. He made the things we can see and the things we can't see, such as thrones, kingdoms, rulers, and authorities in the unseen world.

So if you think that everything you can see is all that exists, you're already speaking contrary to what it says in the book of Colossians. So believe me, there are thrones, there are authorities, there are dominions in the unseen realm.

If you look at Ephesians, we have another confirmation from another one of Paul's epistles. For we are not fighting against flesh and blood enemies, but against evil rulers and authorities of the unseen world, against mighty powers in this dark world, against hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places. That word heaven again where airplanes fly.

If you look at 1 Corinthians 15:40, Paul makes the statement, "There are also celestial bodies and terrestrial bodies." Listen to his words. He said there's celestial bodies, terrestrial. There's different kinds of bodies that Paul talks about.

So let's start our study of what the scripture says. Scripture foretells of fearful signs in the heavens just prior to Jesus's return. If we look at Luke 21:11, Jesus straight from his mouth said, "There will be fearful sights and great signs from heaven."

Let's go back to when this all really began. And that's in Luke 10:18 when Jesus said, "I saw Satan fall from heaven like lightning."

We know from the book of Revelation verse 7:12, a third of the angels fell with him.

Now, there are millions and millions and millions and millions of angels. So when you talk about a third, you're talking about a lot of fallen angels.

I think when we think about angels falling from heaven and seeing that happen, so much of our image of that would look like just angelic beings walking around us. But in your mind, were fallen angels still possessing of the attributes and the things that they basically had and were experiencing and demonstrating with God in heaven? So understanding as they're walking among us, did they have the ability to travel at great distances? Did they have the ability to teleport? Did they have the ability to go through these things?

Absolutely.

They can move through space and time because they can go from the seen to the unseen. And that's what I'm actually going to bring up as first of all something. Well, if you look at Revelation 12:9 because you see a reflection of that obviously with Jesus and his resurrected body, him walking right directly into it. And I think that's where we need to almost like reframe how we saw angels because just based off of my understanding and conversations I've had with people, it very much feels specific. What are you talking about with Jesus? Afterwards, he would just appear in a room.

Yeah. After the doors are locked, after he's talking with two guys and all of a sudden he has dinner with them and all of a sudden he disappears right in front of their eyes. He's interdimensional.

His body is interdimensional. In other words, he can float up in the air when he's resurrected to the throne in front of all of them, but he can appear and disappear and be somewhere else just like that. They highlighted in the documentary one guy specifically kept saying this and it seemed to blow his mind but he said he'd watch as one of these shuttles would come down and it would just sit right there in space hover for 3 hours and then would just go right back up.

He'd come down to look at it and then all of a sudden it was gone. And then there were other ones where it's standing in the middle of 120 knots of wind and it is staying completely stationary.

I thought this was so fascinating because I was thinking about a gentleman, we both love him, he's astrophysicist Hugh Ross, and he did a deep dive into the book of Job and has done so many other things. I love his discovery because he as he goes through the book of Job was understanding him as a scientist and the scientific community. There's things that are framed out that God frames out with Job that scientists have only just recently discovered. They said specifically as they're talking about these crafts, they said that they exist outside of our space and time. And that's the understanding of why it cannot go through water or not be affected by 120 knots of wind. They said specifically as they're talking about these crafts they exist outside of our space and time. And as soon as he said that I'm like, what? God's already outside of space and time? Like do you not understand the connection here?

They're amazed of, oh my goodness, this technology that there's never been talked about before. And I always remember Hugh Ross talking about it. He's like laughing at these scientists that he's like, here's God who has said this from the foundation of time, but yet we didn't clearly understand what was going on.

One example Hugh Ross gives is he said in science up till 30 years ago, and I know this to be true because I have a bachelor's in science from Purdue University. We were taught that darkness is the absence of light, the origin place of darkness. But yet God in the book of Job says that darkness is matter.

They come along and these astrophysicists discover that most of our universe is made up of dark matter. That darkness is actually matter.

And so he's just laughing. And I look at this like just like the Bible confirmed what we didn't know until 30 years ago. The Bible already confirms these UAPs. And that's why we want to show you this so that you're not shaken.

So your faith is not shaken. I love Revelation 12:9 because it says, "The great dragon called the devil and Satan who deceives the whole world. He was cast to earth and his angels cast out with him." He deceives the whole world.

So what are the ways? This is the question. This is important. And this is where I'm going to slow it down because you need to hear this. What are the ways that he deceives the whole world?

I think it's very important to point out that Paul says in 2 Corinthians 11:16, Satan himself transforms himself into an angel of light. Now, hold on a minute. It doesn't say he can. It says he does. He transforms himself into an angel of light. In other words, he imitates the way God's true angels would behave.

I know of a pastor. There was a young 11 year-old boy who came to his pastor and he said, "I haven't even told my parents this, but I was abducted by these beings." He said, "They were the kindest and nicest beings even when they were sticking needles in me." That's what the boy said to his pastor. His pastor said, "Do you understand this? This is not God. This is ungodly."

I want to say this. I don't want people afraid, but there have been abductions, but the thing is they have no power. Behold, Jesus says, "I give you power over all the power of the enemy, and nothing shall by any means hurt you." That's Luke 10:19. So you have, and he said, don't rejoice in this, that the spirits are subject to you in my name, but rejoice that your name's written in heaven.

This is where I'm going to give you a little bit of a taste of where I'm going at the end.

Don't become enamored by this. Don't fixate on this. You are to keep your focus on Jesus who is the author and finisher of our faith.

You are not to rejoice that you've discovered there's other beings that were already here the whole time. You just discovered it. You are to set your affections on things above. Set your mind at the right hand of God where Christ is seated. That's where safety is. And we'll get more into that in a little while. And also understand that you've known about this. And this is what I think is beautiful is you are opening up scripture that just illuminates. I've read this like I know I've seen this already happen. So illuminating that for people.

So Satan transforms himself as an angel of light. So in order to understand what these dark angels do in transforming them because Satan says so do his ministers, they do the same. So these fallen angels for them to transform themselves into an angel of light. That's why Paul said, "If I or an angel comes and preaches some other gospel to you than what I've given you, don't believe them."

How do they transform themselves into an angel of light? If we understand this, we'll understand how he deceives.

All right. So now, what do we have to do? We have to look at how do the true angels operate.

Isn't that important?

So again, one of the 34 said, "These beings are interdimensional." All right. So let's talk about interdimensional. Let's think it through. Jesus makes a statement in Matthew 18:10. He said, 'Beware that you don't look down on any of these little ones, talking about little children. For I tell you that in heaven, their angels are always in the presence of my heavenly father. Their angels.

Listen how he personalizes. In other words, I believe this with all my heart. God assigns to every one of his children an angel or angels that are guardian angels. I believe this is what this shows. But now, how are these angels with me and also before the father in heaven? It's because they're interdimensional. They're not bound by one space and time.

I remember Gabriel looks at Mary and says, "I am Gabriel who stands in the presence of God." He's in her presence. Right there in her room telling her she's going to get impregnated by the Holy Spirit. But he said, "I stand in the presence of God."

How is that? You got to realize the heavenly realm is different than the physical earthly realm. We're bound by space, by matter, by time. Heaven is different.

So Jesus is saying there are angels, which tells us what? There are millions of godly, good angels. Two thirds of them didn't fall with Lucifer.

Now, listen to what the writer of Hebrews says. Don't forget to show hospitality to strangers. For some who have done this have entertained angels without realizing it. Did you hear what he just said? They literally entertained people they thought were people, but they weren't people. They were angels.

I was preaching for a pastor down in Trinidad. We were doing a conference and this pastor, I had been down there five times and this was in the 1980s and we had developed a very close friendship and his big church, he had one of the biggest churches in the nation was in San Fernando. San Fernando was about an hour and a half drive from Port of Spain, Trinidad, which is the capital of Trinidad. There's only one road that goes from Port of Spain to San Fernando. That road is mostly bush, jungle, whatever you want to call it. It's very thick. It was a very dangerous road at night. There's a lot of crime at that time.

He said, "John, you never would walk. You would never want anything to break down on that road."

He said, "I was coming back from a meeting in Port of Spain, driving back to San Fernando, and my car broke down." He said, "I knew my life is literally in danger right now."

All of a sudden, he turns around and this man and a boy were coming from out of the thick woods. And he had a lawnmower.

He had a lawnmower.

And he pushes the lawnmower up and he looks at me and he said, "Having trouble?"

He said, "Yeah."

He said, 'Do you mind if I look? The man opens up his hood, takes a piece from the lawnmower, puts the piece into the car, grabs the lawnmower, starts walking back into the woods, and disappears.

Nelson said, "They were two angels."

I look at the car starts working. The car started working. He drove back to San Fernando.

Dr. Mary Neil, I've not met Mary, but I've read her book. She was kayaking in Chile. Her kayak goes over a 13 ft drop and wedges between two boulders and she is two feet under the water. The water's beating down on her, breaks both of her legs.

She's strapped in. Can't get unstrapped because of the pressure from the water beating down. She eventually it snaps both her legs and she starts watching her body float down the river. She's dead for over 30 minutes. Her husband, who wasn't kayaking, was reading a book on the shore. They came running, said, "Hey, there's been an accident." They go looking for her, and there she is washed up on the riverbank down the river a ways, and they're sitting there going, "What do we do?" All of a sudden, they turn around, and there's two Chilean men.

They have an upside down kayak. They grab her body, put it on the kayak, and they start machetting their way through the jungle. There's a road, a dirt road, and on that road is an ambulance. There's another Chilean driver.

The two men load her body onto the ambulance. Her husband turns around to thank them and they're gone. Then they drive to the hospital. He goes to thank the driver and the driver's gone. There were probably three angels.

So what am I saying? Angels have the ability to move in and out of space and time. They're interdimensional godly good angels. That's why he says some of you are going to entertain them and you're not even going to realize it.

All right. So now that we've established that true angels are interdimensional, which means what? That means Satan and his fallen angels can be interdimensional.

I know of ministers of centuries back, one was back in the 20th century. He woke up one morning and there was a demonic angel standing right at the foot of his bed. He was a very bold minister. I believe it was Smith Wigglesworth. He looked at him and said, "Oh, it's only you." And he rolled over and went back to sleep.

All right. So point number two, because we're building a case here. Angels can operate without any craft or machinery.

Right. But obviously the documentary talks about crafts or machinery. However, angels often time use, I'm talking about angels of God now, they use some sort of craft, right? Or some sort of vehicle.

Ezekiel chapter 1. This is verses 15-24. Now as I looked at the living creatures, behold, a wheel was on the earth beside each living creature. This is God in his throne with these massive saraphim angels. Isaiah calls them saraphim, John calls them four living beings. Ezekiel calls them four living creatures. And he said, each living creature with its four faces, the appearance of the wheels and their workings.

And their workings. These are wheels. And there are some that say, I heard one pastor who said that in his study that word workings can mean their mechanics.

So the appearance of the wheels and their mechanics was like a wheel in the middle of a wheel. So imagine like a gyroscope. You'd have one on the outside.

What does gyroscopes do? They stabilize.

We use gyroscopes in some of our older airplanes, ships or whatever.

So it was a wheel in the middle of a wheel. When they moved, they went toward any one of the four directions. They did not turn aside when they went. Aren't these vehicles going like this? Making sharp turns.

When the living creatures went, the wheels went beside them. And when the living creatures were lifted up from the earth, the wheels were also lifted up.

When they went, I heard the noise of their wings. When we hear Ezekiel say wings, we're thinking bird wings.

However, when we say wings today, what do you think of?

I think of airplane wings. A craft.

A rocket. An airplane.

I heard the noise of their wings like the noise of many waters. Now, does Ezekiel know to say it sounded like a jet engine?

Does he know to say it sounded like a Saturn 5 taking off, a space shuttle taking off?

His description of a wheel is like that's probably the best understanding that he knows to compare it to in their language and vernacular, which is so interesting because obviously when they're talking about these spacecrafts, they very clearly say that they believe and what they've observed is it is existing within a circular sphere that circular sphere is bending reality, space, and time. And so that's why it cannot do it. So you have a circular sphere and then a craft within this sphere that circular sphere is bending as it's going through it is bending the time and space and matter all around it. So it's going around that sphere. So like when I read this I'm like this is exactly what he's talking about potentially.
