TITLE: I’ve Never Shared My Opinion On This...
SPEAKER: John Bevere
CHANNEL: John Bevere TV
SOURCE_URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Wftf0iWReM
PUBLISHED: NA
DURATION_MIN: 0.0
SOURCE_TYPE: sermon
---
And this one shakes me up. Behold, the day of the Lord comes with both wrath and fierce anger. I will punish the world for its evil. Now listen to this statement. Please, everybody listen. I will make a mortal, a human being, more rare than fine gold. All the water on earth is going to be turned to blood, killing everything that lives in the water. There will be terrible storms with hail coming down that weigh 75 lb. 75 lb hail falling on the earth. Once all this is done, there will be less than 50 million people left on the earth.

So, does this sound like the language directed towards his bride? This doesn't sound like that at all.

Every single person at one point in their life has a clear revelation that God exists and that he created a plan of salvation. Here's the fact. There are people that no matter what God does, they don't want to be saved.

When I saw this, I about hit the ceiling because I have never seen this before in my 47 years of reading the Bible. There are three major views of when this catching away can occur. One is pre-trib, which means it occurs before the seven-year tribulation. Another one is midtrib which means that when the just before the great tribulation because the tribulation is broken up into two. You have the tribulation and the great tribulation. Okay. First three and a half years is the tribulation. The last three and a half years is the great tribulation that is kickstarted when the man of sin walks into the temple of God which will probably be built in the first three and a half years and he proclaims himself to be God and he breaks the covenant he made with Israel. So that guy made a covenant at the beginning of the tribulation, seven-year deal. And he breaks it. And that's when persecution is going to hit like crazy on especially the Jewish people. That's why Jesus said when he does this, pray that your flight is not on Sabbath. It wouldn't that wouldn't that wouldn't mean anything to us. Meaning. Yeah. Sabbath. We we we don't take Sabbath as seriously as the people in Israel do. The Jewish people do, I should say.

So now there are seven reasons and I'm going to give three of them on this podcast that I believe this Bible shows. This is not given for you to argue with with fellow Christians. I I'm going to tell you even even in even something hilarious. My wife and I don't even see eye to eye on this and we joke about it. So, she is more of she believes it's going to happen at the very end of the tribulation. And I'm okay with that because you know what that does? That prepares us for great great suffering and hardship and persecution. I'm okay with it. But we should all be prepared for great suffering and persecution now because Jesus said in this world you're going to have tribulation. There's a difference between tribulation and the tribulation. But what I do want to say is in Nigeria people are being martyred for their faith by the hundreds. It it's happening in other countries. So there is tribulation going on. If you're living godly in Christ, you're being you're being persecuted here in America. We're all being persecuted because Paul said, "Don't make any mistake about it. Those that live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." Paul said to the churches in order to strengthen them, we must through many tribulations enter the kingdom of God. That's Acts 14. So there is tribulation. Jesus himself said in this world you're going to have tribulation. But we're talking about the tribulation, not tribulation. The tribulation is the outpouring of God's wrath. Tribulation is the wrath of the world against believers.

There's the difference. Okay? Again, the tribulation is the outpouring of God's wrath on a sinful world. Tribulation that Jesus talked about as believers we're going to have is the world's wrath against us.

First reason why I believe we will leave before the tribulation begins because we are not as a as the bride of Christ. We are not appointed to wrath. Okay? There are over 25 references in the New Testament to the wrath of God. All right? And there's a lot more in the Old Testament. Most of these references identify the culmination of judgment occurring during the seven-year tribulation. In other words, this is when God will punish a very sinful world for rejecting him.

Examples in the book of Revelation. Revelation 16:1. Then I heard a loud voice from the temple saying to the seven angels, "Go and pour out the bowls of the wrath of God on the earth." Revelation 6:16. For the great day of his wrath has come. Now, the day of the Lord is something you will hear frequently in scripture. What is the day of the Lord? That is Daniel's 70th week of years. It is the 7-year tribulation. So, if you hear in scripture the day of the Lord, you can substitute in there 7-year tribulation. For the great day, that's the seven-year tribulation of his wrath has come. And who is able to stand? Revelation 11:18. I want you to hear these scriptures. The nations were angry and your wrath has come.

So, this just represents a sampling of scriptures we're going to find in the New Testament about the wrath of God being poured out during the seven-year tribulation or the day of the Lord.

There are two Greek words used in the word wrath. We have one English word wrath. There's actually two Greek words. The first one is thumos. All right. T H U M O S. Here's the definition of this word, the idea of punishment or punitive judgment. Even more clarifying and attention grabbing is another Greek dictionaries definition of this word indignation, wrath as an outburst of vengeance of a vengeful mind. The other word used is orge. And this is actually the word that's used in most references. Okay. It's defined as divine punishment based on God's angry judgment against someone.

So these are the two Greek words you're going to find every time you hear the wrath of God in the New Testament. It's one or the other. All right. So here's what's needs to be made clear. It's his punitive judgment. It's his punitive punishment on sinful humanity. Now, we're the bride. And are we supposed to live through that? Or some people say, "Oh, we'll just be protected through it." Okay, let's just keep reading and see what scripture says. Revelation 19:15 says that it's fierce. Listen to this. He himself treads the wine press of the fierceness of the wrath of God Almighty.

Let's take a look at this. Isaiah talks about this wrath. Isaiah 13:9-12. Behold, the day of the Lord comes. So the day of the Lord is the seven-year tribulation. Listen to what Isaiah says. cruel with both wrath and fierce anger to lay the land desolate. And he will destroy its sinners from it. For the stars of the heaven and their constellations will not give their light. The sun will be darkened in its going forth. And the moon will not cause its light to shine. We know exactly when it's talking about. I will punish the world for its evil. and the wicked for their iniquity. I will halt the arrogance of the proud and I will lay low the haughtiness of the terrible. Now listen to this statement please. Everybody listen. I will make a mortal a human being more rare than fine gold. In another reference of Isaiah's. So when he's saying, "I'll make a mortal more rare than fine gold," is that meaning like they're being taken, snatched up, but then also wiped out? Okay. So let let's leave the bride out of it for now because maybe let let's just say there's 20 million close followers of Jesus in the earth. 20 million is nothing compared to 8 billion. Eight billion. Yeah. Okay. We are talking about when his wrath is being poured out, when it's over, human beings will be as rare as gold. But Isaiah 13:12, I'm going to give you a different reference. Yeah. I will make people scarcer than gold, more than the fine gold of Ophir. Okay. Now, what about this gold of Ophir? This is what one commentary says. It's a designation of exceptionally fine gold. If good quality gold is hard to find, this is what this commentary states. The gold of Ophir is even harder to find. So this intensifies the imagery of the scarcity of human beings. I'm going to make human beings as scarce as the gold of Ophir. Okay. So some of the devastating things that are going to happen during his wrath is the seal judgments. Those are the first seven judgments. All right. We find this in the book of Revelation. In just the fourth seal, one-fourth of all mankind will be killed. Wow. One-fourth. So, we just went from, let's just say, 8 billion people. We just went from 8 billion to six billion just like that. And now, this is only the fourth seal judgment. Remember, there's the trumpet judgments and the bowl judgments, and they're much worse. The bowl judgments are unspeakably bad.

And what like what is the determination around that one-fourth, though? And maybe that's what John the Apostle said when he wrote the book of Revelation that when this happened it was one-fourth of all mankind was killed. So it doesn't give a specification. It's like not like the most wicked. I didn't prepare well enough. It just I'm curious. Uh it's in Revelation I think it's six or seven. So you might want to find it. But then we have the trumpet judgments and they're even worse than the seal judgments. Okay? One-third of the earth is going to be burned and a large large segment of the remaining six billion people are going to die. People will now listen during these trumpet judgments, people are going to seek death to escape unimaginable torment and pain, but they're not going to be able to find death. All right. The sixth trumpet, now, this is mind-blowing. Will kill still, now listen, another one-third of human beings. Okay. So, now we go from six billion down to what? Four billion. All right. So, now we're down to four billion. And and remember, there was a lot more people killed by all the other seal and trumpet judgments. Then comes the bowl judgments, which are really bad. All the water on Earth is going to be turned to blood, killing everything that lives in the water. The sun will release blasts of fiery heat which will scorch the inhabitants of the earth. There will be terrible storms with hail coming down that weighs 75 pounds. I mean, I remember hail that hit the Broadmore Hotel up where we do our Messenger Cup and that was a baseball size hail. It broke so many car windows. It destroyed their entire fleets of cars. All these people's cars. All the roofs had to be rebuilt. The grains look like it was a meteor shower. Okay. That was less than a pound. 75 pound hail falling on the earth. Do you know what that would do to our normal houses? Yeah. Okay. So, we we got to understand his wrath is fierce, right?

So again, Isaiah 13:12, I'll make people scarcer than gold, more than the fine gold of Ophir. So when I had a guy who has been studying and studying, he's one of our partners of our ministry. And we were together at dinner and he said, "John, there are experts that have studied all these judgments and they've tried to figure out, but they said once all this is done, there will be less than 50 million people left on the earth."

Which isn't it Isaiah who says the great day of the coming of the Lord, right? Or Yeah, the great and dreadful day of the Lord. He says the great and dreadful. That's right. Okay. It it's great for the people of God. It's dreadful for the world. Okay. So, I'm going to read Isaiah 66:16. I want you to listen to this. You need to hear what we we have escaped. Isaiah 66. The Lord will punish the world by fire and by his sword. He will judge the earth. Now, listen to this. and many will be killed by him. That's Isaiah 66:16. Many will be killed by him. All right. All right. So, does this sound like the language directed towards his bride? No. Because even even like everything because as you're saying this it it's causing and just in a way mean it's like almost that like wow if you're hearing all this as a a non-believer someone who hasn't heard any of this just got saved and haven't heard any of this that that's where the fear base coming in. Yeah. All that we've been talking delivered us out of this. Exactly. And I think that's what you've been saying is all we've been talking about is it's been so relational. we talked about as the the rapture, the the second coming. All of it is it's the the groom coming back for the bride. This doesn't sound like that at all. No. Yes. This is God's wrath on a on a sinful world that has rejected him. Correct. And not intended for his bride.

All right. These scriptures make it quite clear that the tribulation is without a doubt the wrath of God and it's not intended for his son's bride. Paul writes in perfect harmony with this. Listen to what Paul says. Having now been justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him. We're saved from it. Okay, here's his letters to in his letter to the Thessalonians. Paul literally bookends the remember the scriptures we read in the last podcast and what I just quoted at the beginning of this. The Lord shall descend. Yeah. And he'll catch away, right? We who are alive, right? He bookends this whole thing with we're delivered from the wrath of God. So here's the first bookend. 1 Thessalonians 1:10 to wait for a son from heaven whom he raised from the dead. Even Jesus, now listen to this. Who delivers us from the wrath to come. That's all that we just read in the book of Revelation. Yeah. In the book of Isaiah, in the book of Zechariah, which I didn't read. There's more. There's actually descriptions in the book of Zechariah of people's tongues rotting in their mouth, their flesh rotting, their eyes rotting out in their sockets from the fire of God that's going to be released when his wrath comes. It's mind-blowing. So now Paul then talks about the catching away of the church in 1 Thessalonians 4. Yeah. And 5. 1 Thessalonians 5:9-11. Listen to this. For God did not appoint us, the bride, to wrath, but to obtain salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ. Therefore, comfort each other and edify one another just as you are doing. How does us going through 75 pound hail? Yeah. Following from God. This is not from the devil. This is God's wrath. How does that bring comfort to one another?

So, yeah. And also, it seems so backwards to me, too. And sorry, not like trying to cast people down that feel this way, but when I'm reading this, what it's putting inside of me is an expectation of, man, like you need to get more people saved. Like if you I'm hearing all this, I don't want anyone to experience this. How do we get more people saved? And it would feel backwards to me if I'm reading this and being like, okay, well, I can get them saved, but they're still going to experience all of this. Like to me right there, I know there there's a greater wrath of course beyond that that is coming, but it's immediately right there. It's like that just seems backwards to me. And people's hearts will be so hardened. And and I want you to listen carefully to this. If you go into Revelation 7, all these all this wrath being poured out, and even in the midst of this, the Bible says people still did not repent of their sins and they were they turned away against God. Yeah. So in other words, God knows this point will come where if he gave mankind another thousand years, they would just go more corrupt. And and and and when you take even they're seeing the truth being revealed to them. I mean, they've seen these things happen, but yet still angry with God. Still they won't turn. Yeah. That's and that's a great clarification because I think even people can hear this and be like, man, like why are they not getting better type of this. He saw literally hail and fire come down, killing cattle, killing all their crops, all the plagues, and yet his heart still got harder and harder against God. Yeah. And there was many Egyptians that they realized what God was doing and they they even did things that they needed to. They listened to God. They're a type of the people that masses of people are going to get saved in the tribulation. Yeah. Because all while all while this is going on, there is going to be a massive amount of people getting saved in the tribulation. and and and we'll be talking about this in one of our reasons. Yeah. So, well, and I can I just say this last thing is is I think within that is the level of insanity to me that I think someone would have to be able to see these things happening and not be like, "No, God, there's I believe and I I'm going to I'm going to change my life and I'm going to turn around." It it gets me to this point where I'm just looking specifically and I don't want to go too much in depth in this because we talked about this in past, but it it brings me to the level of the offense that people harbor to their life where it just the logic goes out the door. Logic just comes completely out. If you ever try to reason with an offended person, it's just there's no reasoning that's going to take place. It's not like you're going to say something and they're finally going to get it. That's so true. It's an offended heart that just hardens their heart, hardens their mind, their logic, their understanding. Cannot hear. They cannot see. Their heart cannot understand. Yeah. And I just see that as the love of like what the Bible says, the love of many will grow cold. So just going into more. Didn't want to take that off. One pastor said, "Hell is just, you know, the lake of fire is just people getting what they wanted." Yeah. Where the door is locked and the key is thrown away. So they don't have to be, I hate even saying this, bothered by God. Yeah. They get their freedom from God. Eternal freedom from God. And these people that are left on the earth that still refuse to repent, they are the ones that say, "We don't want to be in slavery to God." They that's the way they see it. So this is why a person comes to the place where they see evil is good and good is evil is because mankind apart from God, anything good in this life is out of God's influence. But mankind apart from God will grow more and more corrupt and more and more deceived and will see good as evil and evil is good. Yeah. Isn't it almost a little bit more actually merciful for non-Christians to experience the tribulation than a Christian who dies that hadn't experienced the tribulation. They never they never turn their life to God. Like I'm saying, you know, a person that just they just never saw it this way. But then you have, you know, people that will experience the the tribulation and their eyes are going to be open and they're going to go, "Wow, yeah, I I missed this. I should have believed into this." Would you would you say that? I would say that every single person, we don't know every individual case, but every person at one point in their life has a clear revelation that God exists and that he created a plan of salvation. Because Romans 1 says they are without excuse. God would never say this. They are literally without excuse. Because he has made his glory known through his creation, through so many other ways. Yeah. And I believe every person, every person, he gives an opportunity because it's his will that all would be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth. But here's the fact. There are people that no matter what God does, they don't want to be saved.

So we made it very very clear in this world we'll have tribulation. Tribulation is the world's wrath against God's people. The tribulation is God's wrath against a sinful world. So let's address the catching away as an escape mentality. Jesus makes this statement. Watch therefore and pray always that you may be counted worthy to escape all these things. Yeah. All right. It's not a cowardly thing to escape this wrath, the wrath of God. Jesus took the wrath of God on him so we wouldn't have to take the wrath of God. Yeah. But it is correct to say it is a cowardly act to escape the wrath of the world. When we compromise to avoid persecution, when we compromise to avoid being rejected by people we want to be accepted by, that's a cowardly act. Yeah. All right. So, Zephaniah makes it clear. Chapter 2:3, "Seek the Lord, all you meek of the earth, who have upheld his justice. Seek righteousness. Seek humility. It may be that you will be hidden in the day of the Lord's anger."

That is reason number one is we are not appointed to wrath. Reason number two, and this is the one that took me three days. Wow. I literally wrote something in this book right here, The King is coming, and I said, "God, where am I going with this?" And and what's the answer to this? And it took three days for the Holy Spirit to get it through to me. And man, when I saw this, I about hit the ceiling. Yeah. Because I have never seen this before in my 47 years of reading the Bible. I've never seen this before. The second reason I believe that we will leave this earth before the great tribulation before the tribulation is we enter into the heavenly chamber before the outpouring of God's wrath.

So in order to really talk about this I have to focus on three verses in the book of Isaiah and that's Isaiah 26:19-21. Now I'm going to read verse 20 and 21 first. Yeah. Isaiah 26, if you want to follow along in your Bible, come my people, enter your chambers. Now, make note of that. Enter your chambers and shut the doors behind you. Hide yourself as it were for a little moment. That would be seven years until the indignation is passed. For behold, the Lord comes out of his place to punish the inhabitants of the earth for their iniquity. Time period. What is this? This is not the God's wrath on the Egyptians. This is not God's wrath on Babylon. Yeah. This is God's wrath on the earth, the nations of the world. So, we know time period here. Isaiah is prophesying the seven-year tribulation. Yeah. And it's such a correlation to that final tribulation or final judgment that was sent to Egypt. But we hear the word chambers. Come my people, enter your chambers. Let's go back to the ancient Jewish wedding. The groom and the bride would become betrothed. The groom would leave the bride. He would go and prepare a chamber, a bridal chamber. It was a room off his father's house. Then when the father saw that it was acceptable, he said to the groom, "Go back and get your bride." This is the language Jesus uses in John 14:1-3. Don't let your heart be troubled. Believe in God. Believe in me. In my Father's house, there are many rooms. If it were not so, I would have told you. But I will go and prepare a place for you and will return and receive you to myself. The Greek word receive you is paralambanō. This means snatch you away. Do you remember Jesus said one will be at the mill, one will be two will be at the mill, one will be taken, one will be left. Same word paralambanō. It means snatching away. Okay. So now he would prepare the chamber for his bride. He would go and get her in the middle of the night by surprise with his groomsmen and with her bridesmaids. He would bring her back to the bridal chamber and they would stay there seven days. Wow. While everybody waited. Yeah. After seven days, he would come out and present his bride to his guests. All right. So, now we're hearing Isaiah use wedding talk. Enter your chambers. Okay. So, the time period is the seven-year tribulation. We already know that from Isaiah, right? Now, listen to verses 19 and 21. But those who die in the Lord, this is Isaiah 26, 19 and 21. But those who die in the Lord will live. Their bodies will rise again. Oh boy, here we go. Does this sound like Thessalonians? Those who sleep in the earth will rise up and sing for joy. for your life-giving light will fall like dew on your people in the place of the dead. Look, the Lord is coming from heaven to punish the people of the earth. So, we know the time period. It's the seven-year tribulation. But Isaiah says the dead in the Lord, his life-giving light is going to come on the graves and they're going to rise from the graves. Isaiah had that revelation. But now we come to the Apostle Paul who makes the statement, I'm going to show you a mystery. What does he mean by mystery? This is something that was revealed to us by the Holy Spirit that the Old Testament saints and prophets didn't know.

So Paul comes in and he writes, "Christ has been raised from the dead. He's the first of a great harvest of all who have died." Yeah. Then he says in Thessalonians, Paul the Apostle, we tell you this directly from the Lord. All right. The Lord, this is the mystery. The Lord, we will not all die, right? The Lord himself will come down from heaven with a commanding shout, with the voice of the archangel, with the trumpet of God. First, the believers who have died will rise in their graves. Okay? He's actually writing what Isaiah wrote. I'm going to read Isaiah's words again. But those who die in the Lord will live. Their bodies will rise again. So Paul and Isaiah are talking about the exact same thing, right? Okay. Let's read First Corinthians. Paul's words again. Our bodies are buried in brokenness, but they will be raised in glory. So Paul's getting a little bit more of a glimpse than Isaiah had. They are buried in weakness but they will be raised in strength they are buried as natural human bodies they will be raised as spiritual bodies like Jesus right so he uses Isaiah's words. When Isaiah wrote your life-giving light will fall on your people right and raise them from their graves. So Paul goes on to say it will happen in a moment. Remember that moment is an atomic moment in the blink of an eye. For when the trumpet sounds who have died will be raised to live forever and we who are living will be transformed. Okay, now this is where it gets good. Paul, remember said we get this from the Lord. So make no mistake about it. A certain day is coming in which Jesus will descend into the earth's atmosphere, which just so happens to be the community where his bride resides, either in graves or still alive, right? And swoop up his beloved bride and bring her to his chamber. Let's continue with Isaiah's word. Now listen, stay with me. Come my people, enter your chambers. Shut the doors behind you. Hide yourself as it were for a moment until the indignation is passed. For behold, the Lord comes out of his place to punish the inhabitants of the earth. So now the most important question we've got to ask. Isaiah prophesies about him raising the people up from the graves. Yeah. And he says, "Enter your chambers." These are the dead people, the dead saints. He's going to raise them from their graves. Where's their chambers? Are they the woods and forests? Are they Petra? Are they places on this earth? In other words, let me make this clear. God's going to cause the people that have died in the Lord to come back to life. Yeah. And they're going to hide in chambers somewhere on the earth. Yeah. That's ludicrous. Yeah. And dead people raised and are going to have to hide during a seven-year tribulation. Yeah. A 75 pound hail might break up those chambers as well as on earth, right? Yeah. Yeah. So, but but the thought of dead people being resurrected to live on the earth during the wrath of God where he pours out his indignation on the nations. Yeah. Is absolutely ludicrous, right? Mhm. So, these chambers have to be in heaven. These have to be the rooms that Jesus prepared, right? So, now we need to ask the next big question. What happens at the exact same atomic second that the dead get raised up out of the graves? This was the secret that was revealed to Paul. Then we who are alive together with them in the same atomic second are going to be caught up to be with the Lord. Yeah. So the dead don't get raised and then seven years later we get raised up to be with the Lord. Yeah. The moment the dead are raised from the grave is the moment we're raised. But we're going to those chambers. And the chambers aren't going to be for the dead in Christ to go somewhere in the earth. They're going to be in heaven. So where's our chambers going to be? We together with them shall be rising. And so shall we ever be with the Lord. Wow. Do you know what this shows us? This shows us for sure that the resurrection of the dead will happen before the seven-year indignation is poured out. Wow. So Zephaniah, let's read his words again. He confirms it. Seek the Lord, all you meek of the earth, who have upheld his justice. Seek righteousness. Seek humility. It may be that you will be hidden in the day of the Lord's anger. You'll be hidden during the seven-year tribulation. Yeah. You'll be stowed away in that heavenly chamber. The dead are in the chambers in heaven. Yeah. We who are alive are going to be caught up at the same time. We're going to be in the same chambers. So if we revert back to the Jewish wedding, once the couple are in the bridal chamber, it's seven days of alone time. Yeah. This is when the wedding is going to occur. This is when the wedding feast is going to occur. This is when the judgment seat of Christ is going to occur in that seven years. So it's so important that I need to reiterate this one more time. Isaiah and Zephaniah clearly state that just before the Lord punishes the inhabitants of the world, an event called the day of the Lord, which consists of the great tribulation, those who are dead in the Lord are resurrected and will be hidden in chambers. And Paul completes the picture with the mystery that those of us who are alive in Christ will be caught up at the exact same time and put in the exact same chambers. Wow. Is this not exciting? No. I mean, when I saw this, I I I almost wanted to run around the house. Yeah. So once the seven years are completed, Jesus now will return with his unveiled bride. Remember the groom brings her in for seven days. Then all the wedding guests are waiting for seven days. And then he brings her out and she's unveiled and they see her. Okay. Jesus is going to bring his unveiled bride back with him, defeat the rebellion, and set up his earthly reign. Listen to what Jude writes. Behold, the Lord comes with 10,000 of his saints to execute judgment on all, to convict all who are ungodly among them of their ungodly deeds which they have committed. How can the Lord come with us saints if we're still on the earth during the tribulation? Wow. He has been with us for seven years in the chambers. We have had the wedding. We have had the wedding feast. We have had the judgment seat. And now he comes back with literally millions of saints. And Jude is describing. Jude is not describing Jesus coming for his bride as Paul did with the Thessalonians. Rather Jesus coming with his bride. Listen to Zechariah 14:5. Thus the Lord my God will come and all the saints with you. Not half of the saints with you, all the saints with you. Now let's go to the book of Revelation. This is where it gets really clear. Let us be glad and rejoice. This is Revelation 19:7 and 8 and 11-15. Let us be glad and rejoice and give him glory for the marriage of the lamb has come. His wife has made herself ready. Who is the wife? That's us. And to her it was granted to be arrayed in fine linen. Fine linen. What is that fine linen? It is pure white, clean and bright. Right? For the fine linen is the righteous acts of the saints. Go to verse 11. Four verses later. Then I saw the heaven opened, and a white horse was standing there. Its rider's name was faithful and true, for he judges fairly and wages a righteous war. His eyes were like flames of fire. On his head were many crowns. A name was written on him that no one understood except himself. He wore a robe dipped in blood. His title was the word of God. The armies of heaven dressed in the finest of pure white linen. That's not angels. That's the saints. The armies of heaven dressed in the finest of pure white linen followed him on white horses. You got a white horse waiting for you? Okay. From his mouth came a sharp sword to strike down the nations. He will rule them with a rod of iron. He will release the fierceness of the wrath of God. Saints are coming with him. They're not hiding on the earth somewhere avoiding 75 pound hailballs. Yeah. They're with him. Uhhuh. Wow. Gosh. I hope you don't fight for the concept or the idea that's not even scriptural that we are appointed to God's wrath. What John the Apostle is doing is he's saying Jesus is going to come with his saints. They're going to be on white horses. They're going to shine like the sun and it's going to be the revealing of his bride. Remember all creation is waiting for the revealing of the sons of God. Just like all the wedding guests are waiting for the revealing of the bride when she comes out unveiled. She's veiled when she goes in there. The following verses speak of the unveiling. First John 3:1-2. Therefore, the world does not know us because it does not know him. Beloved, now we're the children of God. Now, and it hasn't yet been revealed what we shall be, but we know that when he is revealed, when he appears, we shall be like him. That's the revealing of the bride. Colossians 3:4. When Christ is who is our life appears in his second coming.
