TITLE: The Brain Block That’s Killing Your Prayer Life
SPEAKER: John Bevere
CHANNEL: John Bevere TV
SOURCE_URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-G4BjtQSAws
PUBLISHED: NA
DURATION_MIN: 0.0
SOURCE_TYPE: sermon
---

Between 2010 and 2020, 45 million Americans stopped praying. Most people when they think of prayer, they engage prayer through what I would call self-consciousness. We've stripped these practices of their biblical basis and now they're being manipulated by the enemy. Things like manifesting mindfulness because I'm my own god. What they've done is they've taken the robustness of prayer, they've hijacked it, and they've repurposed it to boost the sense of idolatry that is rampant in our world today.

What is the greatest sacrifice that we can make in the morning? To give God our attention. What do over 90% of people do within 5 minutes of waking? They have reached over and they have grabbed their phone.

Between 2010 and 2020, 10 quick years, 45 million Americans stopped praying. So that means in other words they would pray, wouldn't necessarily mean on a regular basis, they just gave up praying.

Why did 45 million Americans stop praying? I think the fundamental issue is we don't know what prayer is. So their idea of prayer, I think they've abandoned their idea of prayer. And what I found from a lot of people who rediscover prayer is they actually had to abandon their idea of prayer to actually find what God intends for prayer. A lot of us were disappointed when it comes to prayer. We prayed for something, God didn't respond the way we expected him to. We pray and it seems like no one's there. So it just further accentuates this sense of isolation or God has abandoned me when we go to prayer. Like God, why aren't you communicating with me? Why does it feel like my prayers are just hitting the ceiling and bouncing back?

I think dad largely it's pain and frustration with the results. People like, does this even really work? This is a very busy world. We have all sorts of things that will gladly consume our time and attention. So I think prayer is something with that idea of prayer. It's something that will easily get squeezed out of people's lives. You look at the rise of cell phone usage, people really don't have much idle time anymore. If they have idle time, what are they doing? They're turning to their phones. They're pulling out their phone. I see it at stoplights. I actually pointed out to my children. I'm like, "Watch this. People will pull up, car comes and then immediately phone's out two and their thumbs are racing, right?" And so we live in a world that doesn't create space for connection that requires a different pace.

For people who just viewed prayer as this religious exercise that they have to do to feel good about themselves or to be right in God's eyes, I think that got squeezed out when people feel like it's ineffective or they just don't have time for it.

I think it's a lack of understanding of what true prayer is. We're told to pray without ceasing, and there would be a lot of people that would look at that and go, that's impossible to do. So all this other commands of prayer, maybe they're just over accentuated and just not really God doesn't really mean it. No, that's not true. We are to pray without ceasing.

I'm going to give an example. I love spending the day with Lisa. Lisa is my favorite person to hang out with. I remember specifically one particular incident that we spent the day working on her garden. That's a good day for mom. But I realize that God wants me to give my wife what her heart's desires are. And believe me, the last thing I like doing is working on gardens. I'm just not a gardener. But can I tell you that's one of the most memorable days. It was one of the most memorable days that I've had in my married life just because of how rich that day was.

Now, did we talk to each other non-stop that day? No. But we were aware of each other's presence. I was aware of what she needed. I was seeing she was going and not getting any water. I'd say, "Babe, can I get you some water?" "Oh, yeah. Thanks." I would see there she was ready to put some soil somewhere. She'd say, "Could you possibly get that bag of soil and carry it over here for me?" I said, "Sure. Do you need it open?" Yeah. So we're talking to each other when they're needed, but we didn't talk to each other non-stop the whole day. There was actually a lot of time that we were just in each other's presence. Now, I was constantly ready for her to say, "Can you go get that tool? Can you get the hose?"

So you were present to her the whole day. Now, what if I had earpods on? Noise cancelling earpods. I'm listening to even the Bible. I'm listening to music. I can't hear a thing she's saying. So I spent the day without ceasing with my wife, but I didn't talk non-stop. And we didn't talk to each other non-stop, but we were in each other's presence.

There's so many different ways we could go with this because prayer is so robust. Let me start with I think what you're getting at, which is this idea of prayer is about presence. So prayer is more about presence and far less about performance. But what do people think about when they think about prayer? They think about a posture of performance. They think about getting to a certain place, a certain time, doing something. And don't get me wrong, there's nothing wrong about creating intentional intimate moments. When Paul says in 1 Thessalonians 5:17 or Romans 12:12 or Ephesians 6:18, when he says, "Pray constantly or pray without ceasing," he's describing a living prayer, a prayer that energizes every part of our lives, a prayer that clarifies what is most important. And I would also say, who is most important in any given moment? And that is what we so often miss because we're thinking about it as a performance rather than a gift that we enter into.

Prayer is less about speaking and more about listening. Now, does that mean that we don't speak when we pray? No. There are times when we speak. I would actually argue a someone who is quiet, someone who is still in the presence of another person, when the time comes for them to speak, their words are going to have power. Their words are going to reflect intimacy.

I think about how we gather in the morning to pray as a team. We come together as a messenger team and we intercede. That type of prayer is full-on intercession. I mean, we are calling for God to move in our country, in our lives, in our team, in our work, right? It's a different type of prayer. But I'm going to tell you this. I see it in our team members and it's not that I'm trying to judge our team, but you just and I know you see it too as a leader. You're aware people who come into that space and they're trying to perform. They're trying to put on something versus people who, you know, like they've been quiet with God, before God, and when they step into a moment that requires words, they have an authority and a clarity that they pray from.

Because we think prayer is more about speaking and less about listening and less about being sensitive to the spirit, when it comes time for us to open our mouths and pray, we feel like we lack authority. We feel like we lack unction. We feel like we lack the place or the position to pray like that. And the truth is, God wants to speak with authority through our prayers. The invitation of prayer is constant connection with God. This is not praying without ceasing. This is not a holy chore or a holy bore. The invitation of prayer is constant connection with God where you are aware in every moment what God is doing in that moment and you can respond from a place of humility and confidence. That's the life that we were made for.

People are so frantic in our world today, right? Like so anxious, so full of worry, fear of the future, regret related to the past. And prayer, what it does is it centers us. It locates us in this moment because God, where does he move? He moves in this moment. The past is not yours. The future is not yours. Those belong to God. What God gives us is the ability to be present to the moment and present to his presence and what he's doing in the moment.

But what happens is for most people, we're going back to what you said at the beginning. It's a wrong view of prayer. Why people stop praying. Most people when they think of prayer, they engage prayer through what I would call self-consciousness. It's not God consciousness. It's self-consciousness. It's all about what they're doing and what they're not doing. So they have made themselves the hero or the victim or villain of prayer rather than a participant. Just getting in on what God's doing, letting God be the hero and getting involved and just being mindful of what he's doing.

Now we have all of these like spiritual movements that are championing prayer practices that we've largely abandoned or pushed to the margins and they're using different terminology. And then people are like, "Oh yeah, now I'm more spiritual. I'm more aware." And unfortunately, we've stripped these practices of their biblical basis of orthodoxy, and now they're being manipulated by the enemy. Things like manifesting things just like mindfulness because I'm my own god and I need to figure out what the universe intends for me or what even worse, what I want the universe to do for me. What they've done is they've taken the robustness of prayer, they've hijacked it, and they've repurposed it to boost the sense of idolatry that is rampant in our world today.

Years ago when I was still serving in the church in my mid-20s, I had some really godly leaders come into our church. One one was Dr. Cho who had the largest church in the world. And he would talk about his time of prayer. And in that I heard a lot of them saying morning, morning. And I started making it a practice. I remember when your mother and I, you know, I was in my early 20s and sleep's a premium and we had small children. We didn't have you yet. I was in my late 20s, wasn't it? Yeah. And I remember, you know, we had physical alarm clocks back then. I set it for 5:00 a.m. And I remember actually 4:45. I'd wake up at 4:45 and there were mornings I just thought I can't get out of bed. And your mother's leg would come over and push me out of bed. And I would go out because she wanted me to turn the alarm off or because she wanted me to get out and pray. She wanted me to go pray. She said, "I like you better when you pray in the morning." So I would go out to the living room and I remember there were a few mornings and when I first started doing this, I literally fell asleep and I'd wake up an hour later and go, "Oh my gosh." I heard from somebody, it was another minister. I was driving him and he told me, he said, "Squeeze a lemon in a glass, put warm water in it, you'll never have a cold and it'll wake you up like crazy." And I started doing it. I was like, "Whoa, this really energizes you." And then what I said is, "I'm going to go outside. I'm just going to walk so that way I don't fall asleep." And it became a habit. And it's how this entire ministry has been built. Everything built on prayer.

And since I have met so many godly ministers, I was just in the presence of a man who has started over 500 churches around the world. He's in his mid-70s and he's a bulldog still. And I asked him last year when I was in his presence. I said, "Please tell me what would be the one thing you would attribute?" I said, "So many pastors have fallen. You're 50 years. You're still passionate. You're like a bulldog. What's the one thing?" And he said, "John, I get up four o'clock every morning and pray."

Please don't get scared at what I just said. That's him. I could hear people just tuning up. That's 4:45. That's John. Okay.

I like the way the ESV reads. It says, "Oh Lord, in the morning you hear my voice." So it describes the morning as having this special quality. Now, does that mean God doesn't hear our voice throughout the day? No. What David's describing is a special connectedness that is unique to the morning. So in the morning, you hear my voice. In the morning, I prepare a sacrifice for you. And watch. So prepare a sacrifice can also be translated I lift my prayer to you and watch. So there's three things that are happening here. Number one, this verse is describing a way of waking. So the first idea is wake. How we wake matters, right? What we do in the morning matters. Then what David is saying, how we wake determines what we watch. So how we wake shapes how we watch, right? Our attention, what we see during the day, which then shapes how we worship. So how we engage the day in a way that honors God, that reflects his presence and purpose in our world. So three W's to make it easy. How we wake determines how we watch, which shapes how we worship.

Now let's talk about brain science for a moment. Worship a form of worship is singing a beautiful song but true worship is obedience to God. It's our entire offering. So as a young believer I thought worship was limited to slow songs. One day the Holy Spirit asked me a question. He actually spoke to me and he said worship is not a slow song. And I said God what is it? And he said, "Go to the very first place." I talk about it in the Bible. I get in my computer. I go and I find it's in Genesis 22. And that's when Abraham said to his servants, "Isaac and I are going up to the mountain to worship and we will return." And God showed me that morning. He wasn't going up to sing a slow song. He was going up to obey what God spoke to him the night before. So when Addison says worship, he's talking about are you going to be living obedient? Because the highest form of worship is our obedience.

And I would also add sensitive because a lot of people are like, I want to obey God. I want to do what God's telling me to do, but they don't know how to hear God.

Well, let's let's break it down. Let's bring it down a little further. Somebody has just really hurt me during the day. Obedience is Jesus said, "Forgive." So, I'm going to choose to forgive in that moment instead of hold a grudge. That's what I'm talking about. Because you have a sensitivity because you're not watching the day through lack. You're watching the day through an abundance that you access in the morning.

Now, we're talking about prayer in a bit of an unconventional way, but did you know, and I would ask you like, do you believe that God speaks to us while we sleep? Oh, without a doubt. Yes. So there's a there's a poet Wendleberry. He says that sleep is the prayer the body prays. So sleep is the prayer the body prays. And you're like, okay, like what exactly does that mean? I want to read something from Psalm 116 before we go back.

Listen to this. I bless the Lord who gives me counsel. In the night also my heart instructs me. I have set the Lord always before me because he is at my right hand. Because he shapes my life, I shall not be shaken. Therefore, my heart is glad and my whole being rejoices. My flesh also dwells secure. Notice where this starts. I bless the Lord who gives me counsel at night.

Did you know that when you sleep at night, when you're in deep sleep, it's delta delta state? And what I mean by that, just stay with me. I'm gonna geek out here for a second, but stay with me. Delta state, which means your brain waves are traveling at a very low frequency. So at this point of sleep, guess what's happening to your body? Five profound benefits. Your brain detoxes. You experience physical healing, regeneration. You experience emotional integration. This is blending memory and soul story. There's trauma recovery and it offers entry to spiritual awareness and experience. All of this is happening while you sleep. And you do not dream. If people think I'm talking about dreams, I'm actually not talking about dreams because you do not dream during the delta state. This is a time of profound surrender of trusting God. It is an act of worship, if you will, to give God the night.

I struggled with insomnia for 5 years. So when I talk about the night for me this is a place of great pain and also a place of great promise. I know what the night feels like to be restless in the night to not sleep to not experience the health benefits of deep sleep. But now on the other side of that I see the promise and the goodness and the power of the night in a fresh way.

So the reason why I share this about the night because how we wake matters. When we are coming out of sleep, what do over 90% of people do within 5 minutes of waking? What are they doing? They have reached over. If their phone isn't in their bed, their phone might be in their bed. But they have reached over and they have grabbed their phone and what are they doing? They're scrolling, checking their email, right? They're processing whatever that gives them a sense of god over their world. They're entertaining comparison that feeds a sense of lack and scarcity. All of this is happening within moments of waking. Here's why this is so problematic.

When you come out of sleep, you're now in something called a theta state. The theta state, and this is so powerful, is where you have access to your deep mind. So a reservoir of wisdom, a reservoir of experiences, a reservoir of knowledge, and I believe that the deep mind is a place where God speaks to us in ways that circumvents our mental safeguards.

So can I say to everybody, how often that I have woken up the next morning and went, "Oh, that was not a good decision." Or, "Oh, I shouldn't do that." I remember your mom and I we actually put a contract on a house and we put a contract on land because we were moving to another state. I woke up the next morning and we both looked at each other and said, "We are not to get this house." And the owners are gracious. They let us out because it was within 24 hours. I could cite story after story after story after story. Now I've come to the place in my life where I say to somebody, and I just did it recently. I said, "I'll let you know in the morning." We found something that we were like going to say yes to in the moment in the excitement and I said I'll let you know in the morning and the next morning it was completely different because in that deep state that theta stage, God showed me what he wanted and how many times my course has been altered in that early morning part.

Yes. So to explain and this is, you know, this is brain science, right? I have a friend. He's a neurosurgeon. He actually works on people's brains. And he made the statement. He said, "Your brain has 80 to 100 billion neurons." Think about the neurons in your brain and the work that they're doing. He said, "The majority, if not all of those can be guided and affected by how you set your attention or how you watch. So think about the implications."

You were able to integrate all these different things when you woke. Well, you missed a point. What did I miss? Cleansing. Yes. No, that's that's one of them. It's a detox. The detox. That that one's so important. I detox my emotion. My emotions were so ready to jump on that. I had to force myself to say, "I'm going to wait till the morning." It guides the lyric system, which is where you have the majority of the emotional response. But it's so much more than that. What your body is actually synthesizing and doing is doing things that we would almost call like supernatural as far as what God designed our body to do. Which makes sense. If God is supernatural and he wants to engage with us, he's essentially finding a place where his otherness can encounter our idea of reality.

Here's what happens. You're in that delta state. You're able to process and detox and all the all these things are happening. And then you awake into a theta state. Scientists tell us that you could probably stay in a theta state for five to 15 minutes depending on how you steward that state. But that is when things from your deep mind move into your conscious mind or into your consciousness. It happens at that place. What happens though if you jump on your phone? You completely hijack that possibility. Those learnings, those understanding. You go from a place of abundance to a place of lack, a place of scarcity, a place of idolatry. You're trying to be a god through your phone essentially. You're jumping in and you're trying to do something. It is not your place or your time to do.

So you go from theta state and then you move into alpha state. You can experience alpha state for 20 to 60 minutes beyond theta state. Alpha state is when you're incredibly creative where you start to see connections that you couldn't see before. You're more open. You're more sensitive to the spirit of God. You're more open to scripture. You're more open to truth. You're more open to things that may feel like novelty. And then after alpha state, you go into beta state, which is like the typical brain function moving throughout your day, taking care of stuff.

Here's my point. In the morning, your reticulated activating system, your RA, just RA, we're gonna call it the RA. Your RA guides where you're placing your attention. It's determining whether you're going to place your attention on your lack or if you're going to place attention on the depth, the reservoir that God has deposited in you that is beyond your conscious experience. And it's actually the RA that brings that out from the depths of who you are into your conscious experience. But here's what happens. If you immediately jump into something where you're feeding a sense of lack or scarcity or whatever, then what's going to happen? You're going to look for that throughout your day. Your entire day is going to be defined by that. Your worship, you're worship is going to reflect that smallness.

So what does that mean? When you're being asked to forgive, when you're being asked to believe, when you're being asked to take a risk, when you're being asked to navigate a difficult relational dynamic, all of those things are going to be thwarted. They're going to be compromised because you did not sacrifice your attention in the morning.

What is the greatest sacrifice that we can make in the morning? To give God our attention. It's the greatest sacrifice. When the world says, "Give me your attention." When your phone says, the algorithms say, "Give me your attention." The greatest sacrifice for us in the morning is to say, I am not God of my life. God, you are Lord over my life. I am going to give you my waking moments. And I'm going to allow you to shape and determine my day because how we wake determines how we watch which shapes how we worship and that transforms our entire day.

A lot of people who struggle with insomnia, from my experience, it is, hey, I got to do things different at night. I got to change this at night. I got to change that at night. I did everything. I got the special pillows. I did the blackout curtains. I did the no water after eight. I took the natural stuff. I took prescription stuff. I mean, I did everything for 5 years. Nothing worked. What I focused on was the night. Then when God started to transform my understanding of the morning, I realized that how I engage the night is profoundly impacted by how I begin the day.

We've made quiet time. We've made it like kind of this religious thing that we feel guilty about if we don't do it. But I'm telling y'all, it's not just a theological thing. This is a biological reality. God hardwired us. It doesn't have to be 4:00 a.m. You might be someone who gets up at 6:00 a.m. or 7 a.m. That's okay. The key is protecting the sanctity of that first movement of the day. Also, if you wake up at 6:00 a.m. and you got to leave for work by 6:30, you're in the day. You're in beta very quickly. You're in the day zone. And so you have to back up from there. And I don't even want to say you have to. You get to.

This looks different in different seasons of life. For some people, when you have small children and stuff, it might look like 30 minutes for you, right? And that's what you can do. But it's a sacrifice of attention. It might look like 15 minutes, but even 15 minutes of you not being on your phone and being sensitive to the spirit of God first thing in the morning, opening scripture, not on your phone, there's so much there about reading on your phone or an iPad versus reading scripture.

When we had you, I was required to be at the office by 8. The reason I set my alarm for five was because I wanted to make sure I had two hours with God before I jumped in the shower, ate quick breakfast, and got to the office. I wanted it as a priority. I wanted the day to start out like that. And it made a difference.

I'm not saying to everybody you got to do two hours. I'm saying to everybody, I personally feel like in my experience of being 66 years old now, I don't want to go a half an hour, I want 30 minutes at least. And what you've just said, you said 15 minutes theta, and then you said anywhere from 20 to 60 minutes for alpha. That tells me that first half hour, not just that first 15 minutes, is really important. And I want the word of God coming in.

But David also said my voice you'll hear. There's a connectedness that's unique to the morning because when it comes to the voice of God, we think of it transactionally. We think of it as even the saying like prayer isn't a monologue, it's a dialogue. I honestly think that's unhelpful for people to hear that because when you say that you're almost limiting prayer to their idea of a conversation and they're like I don't hear the voice of God. I said that and I see your point. I was like I don't hear the voice of God. John says it's a dialogue like I don't hear the voice of God.

What you're describing when you say that and I understand the spirit of what you're describing, what people and I've said that before and I've actually been challenged with that language like you know what actually I don't think that's a good way to describe this. It's a two-way communication. It's this place where God is speaking and we are listening. We are listening. God is speaking or we're speaking. God's listening. It's this place of intimate connection.

I think of what Anthony of Egypt said and I love this. He said, "Perfect prayer is to not know that you are praying. You are so God conscious. You are so in tune." And I know you've experienced this in the morning where you're so surrendered to what God's doing in that moment. You're not even aware of the motions. You are just receiving from the spirit of God.

Have you ever had mornings where you've not been able to get into his presence? Not been able to really connect? Less and less as I've understood this principle. I would say it's the exception. It's the exception, not the norm. Whereas for me before, the exception was getting into the morning.

I was up at 4:15. I was on my knees upstairs and because it was raining out, I couldn't go to the tennis courts and pray. You have to be walking for you, even how God's designed you and wired you, you need to be moving.

So I couldn't connect at all. And I was actually like, Lord, this is so flat. I remember Jean Guyon. She lived in the 16th or 17th century somewhere in there. She was in prison and she wrote the book called Experiencing the Depths of Jesus Christ. And I read that early in my Christian walk and boy did it profoundly impact me. But she talked about meeting Jesus in the scriptures. She said don't try to read a whole chapter. You know, read one and if you sense his presence, stop there. Dwell and now dwell.

So I made a point in 2020. I said I am not gonna let the morning go by without knowing I've been in the presence of God. It was the best best year I can remember. And I have that's been my motto almost everything. It's now in late 2025. I'm still doing the same thing this morning. It was so flat. It was so how do I want to say? There was nothing to it. And I kept struggling. And all of a sudden, I knew it was like the I didn't hear the spirit of God speak, although I've heard him say it before. There were things that have been spoken that are against us, against me. No weapon formed against you will prosper. Every tongue that rises up against you in judgment, you shall condemn. And I'm like, I need to go right into battle.

And I remember putting on my armor. I said, 'Lord, I girded my loins about with truth. I put on the breastplate of righteousness. I have the sword. And I said, all right, enemy, you want to fight, you're getting a fight. It is written in God's word. And I started speaking the word of God. And I remember when I said, I have been raised together with Christ and made to sit together with Christ in heavenly places far above you, every principality and power and might do. I command you to go. I cover my children's home, my home with the blood of Jesus. All of a sudden, I'm thinking it's Halloween week. All the stuff that's going on, the spiritual activity this week that in the dark realm and do you know it was a wonderful time that took about three or four minutes. And then it was glorious.

So wouldn't you say that you woke and then you set your attention? I did. That you were sensitive and the spirit of God showed you something, synthesized things. I would say that in that theta or alpha state, showed me you got a battle right now. And even the separation was for what felt like separation was actually for the purpose of intimacy. He wasn't separated from me, right? He said, "I'll never leave you nor forsake." But his manifest presence was being blocked. Or you could even say maybe it wasn't blocked. Maybe God withdrew in that moment because he knew you would press in. He knew. He's like, "Wait a second. I need my son to contend. I'm going to prick an awareness in him." God's ways are above ours. So we could talk about it all day, but my point is, look at the wisdom. Look at the fruit. It led to intimacy. I think, and I would actually be curious how you'd respond. But I would say that the chief thing that separates us from experiencing God is the lie that we are separated from God.

I love that. I agree because the enemy will try to convince you that you are separated from God. We've talked about this, but the writer of Hebrews, I feel like that entire book is about do not believe the lie of separation. You have this high priest that contends for you. You are known. Every part of you is divided and known. You have a high priest who can sympathize with you in your weaknesses. Do not shrink back. Approach with boldness the throne of grace where you find mercy and grace to help in your time of need. And we read about the consciousness of the worshipper. We read about the ineffectiveness of a sacrificial system that keeps God at arms length but really doesn't transform the temple which is our body, our entire embodied selves that God wants as his living sacrifice using Paul's language from Romans 12, that idea.

And so I even in those moments, I feel like it's God saying, "Hey son, I have your attention and I'm inviting you into an awareness that might be to fight like what I love what you did. You started speaking scripture. You knew like, "Hey, I need to go to battle."

I had a profound story that impacted my life and really kept me sensitive to this. There was a minister who was faithful to ministry for over 65 years. The result was thousands, literally tens of thousands of ministers came out of his ministry. He finished well. He's been with the Lord for years now, but I remember he had a vision of Jesus in the 1950s and Jesus was sharing with him from the scripture and he said all of a sudden this demon came between him and Jesus. And he said as soon as the demon came in, he said the thing was like half the size of a man. It was green. It was slimy. And he said all of a sudden it was like a mute button went on Jesus. And he said, "Jesus was still talking to me." And he said, "But all I could hear was, you know, this thing." And he said in the vision, I said, "Jesus, please, please get rid of that demon. I want to hear what you're saying. I can't hear what you're saying." And he said, "I kept crying out." And then he said, he knew the Holy Spirit whispered, "You're the one that is to take authority." Over that demon.

Jesus made this statement. I just listened to it yesterday in my golf cart. I was playing scripture in my golf cart coming back from the pickle ball court, right? I just love hearing the word of God. He said, "Don't rejoice that demons are subject to you, my name, but that your names are written in the lamb's book of life."

So I remember he looked at that demon and just said, "In Jesus name, I command you to go." And he said, "All of a sudden, the demon disappears. The mute button goes off, and he's hearing Jesus again."

And I realized how many times I've walked into prayer and it took 45 minutes and I'm struggling. I'm still not in the presence of God. And all of a sudden I realize, hold on, Jesus said I know his voice. How come? And then I wake up and I deal and I address because I don't want people struggling for 45 minutes and then giving up on what you're teaching them because what you're teaching right now is gold. This is gold. But I want you to realize that, you know, I use this example. I said, "Can you imagine a father with a son?" And there's some bandits that are trying to come in and rape the mother and the sisters, right? And the son comes in and says to the father, "I just want to sit with you, Dad. Just tell you how much I appreciate you." I think the father look at the son and say, "What are you doing? Get a baseball bat, go get the handgun, protect your mother and sisters, get rid of them." And then everything's peaceful on the front, which is most days, and the son comes in with a baseball bat. I'M READY TO GET HIM. And the father's going, "What are you doing?"

And I think it comes down to if I can say it like this, that theta stage that you're talking about, being sensitive to what's happening in the spirit realm at that moment. Absolutely. And if it takes a little warfare, which is a very rare exception for me, I'd say it may happen once every couple months or even, you know, maybe once a month because you have other times when you