TITLE: The Rapture Terrified Me Too — Until I Read This
SPEAKER: John Bevere
CHANNEL: John Bevere TV
SOURCE_URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JpvtbXCJpw
PUBLISHED: NA
DURATION_MIN: 0.0
SOURCE_TYPE: sermon
---
We will not all die. Whenever the rapture has been talked about, it's normally like this fear-based idea. I remember you showing us Left Behind the movie when we were kids. I'm so sorry. Please forgive me. When we speak of the return of Jesus should not bring fear. It should not bring discouragement. It should bring joy. Why are you so excited for this? I'm a bride. A bride is excited about my wedding day.

What if the rapture isn't just a fictional idea? And what if the real danger isn't getting the timing wrong, but in ignoring the readiness that Jesus called us to live with right now.

So, we're going to dive into the biblical case for the rapture, which biblically in our English Bible is called the catching away, and that is in the Bible. We're going to unpack the major views.

Let's begin with Paul's words to the Corinthian church. Paul said to the Corinthian church, 1 Corinthians 15:51, "But let me reveal to you, now listen to this, a wonderful secret." The New King James uses the word mystery. It was something that was not revealed to the prophets of old and to the disciples until Jesus was raised from the dead and the Holy Spirit came. Jesus made the statement, "There is more that I want to show you, but you can't handle it. After the Holy Spirit comes, he's going to open this up to you." There's about 11, 12, or 13 mysteries that Paul talks about in the New Testament. These mysteries aren't mysterious or woowoo. They are undisclosed secrets to the Old Testament saints until the Holy Spirit came.

Here's the mystery that Paul said was not available to the Old Testament saints or prophets. We will not all die. Let's just stop it right there. We will not all die.

Who in the Old Testament didn't die? There's two guys. Enoch and Elijah. Let's talk about Enoch. He walked with God, which means he was very intimate with God. The Bible says when he was 365 years old, God says, "I've had it. I like this guy so much I'm taking him."

The other one is Elijah. He got taken out by chariots of fire. That's the only two people that did not die in the Old Testament.

But Paul is saying that there's going to be a generation. We will not all die. What's going to happen if we don't die? But we will all be transformed. He were transformed. It will happen in a moment in the blink of an eye when the last trumpet is blown.

A lot of people say, "Oh, that's the last trumpet of Revelation." Please, please don't confuse the two. Paul wrote this in 56 AD. The book of Revelation was written in 92 AD. So, this was written almost 40 years before any of the trumpet judges were revealed to the Apostle John in the book of Revelation.

When the last trumpet sounds, if you look at the feast of trumpets, they blew the trumpet a hundred times. I think they blew it nine sets of 11, and then the final blow was really loud. That was to awaken and say, "Gather to the nation of Israel."

There are actually three transformations that occur in a believer's life. Transformation number one is salvation. The old is gone. The new has come. When we're born again, our spirit goes from spiritually dead to now we have the nature of Christ Jesus in us. That's the part of us that'll live forever and ever and ever.

The soul is the next transformation. That is a process that begins the moment we're born again. And that we have to cooperate with because it will either be a really slow process or a quick process. James makes the statement, "Put away all wrath and malice and receive with meekness the engrafted word which is able to save your souls." The Bible says don't be conformed to this world but be renewed by the transformation of our mind. The word of God literally transformed us.

A neuroscientist did an experiment. They had people read the Quran. They had people read history books. They had people read engineering books. They had people read the Bible. There was a bunch of different books. The only one where the synapse connections were actually changing is the person who was reading the Bible.

The word of God is alive and powerful. Hebrews 4, it's alive and power. It divides between soul and spirit. Your soul is your mind, will emotion. Your spirit is the real you. Your spirit wears an earth suit. If you look at an astronaut, they wear a space suit. When they take the space suit off, what happens to the space suit? It collapses. You take the spirit out of a human being and the body is gone. It collapses.

The soul is the way we think. The Bible says that we are transformed by the renewing of our mind, not our spirit.

Hebrews chapter 4 says the word preached to them did not profit them, talking about the children of Israel because it wasn't mixed with faith. In other words, you can have people that hear the word of God and are not affected at all. Why? Because they don't receive the word with meekness. When you approach the word of God, if you say, "Lord, this is this is final authority to me, I no matter what you show me in this scripture, I'm going to obey it." When you approach it with that, then you're going to be transformed. When you approach the word not with meekness. When you approach the word of God of, "Oh, yeah, I want to preach. I want people to hear me talk about Jesus. I'm really excited about what Jesus did." But you're kind of looking at it a way of how do I make this fit into my lifestyle? You're not going to be transformed.

You can have two people sitting in a service. One person's being transformed because they're receiving the word of God with meekness. The other person is just getting knowledge. Paul said, "Knowledge puffs up, but love edifies." Love is when we lay our life down for our master.

So, you can have a person whose soul is going through a transformation process because they're receiving with meekness. And another person is still showing naked pictures of themselves. But they know the lingo. They got the t-shirts. They sing the songs. They go to conferences and speak. But yet their lifestyle doesn't match up. They lack the fear of the Lord.

Simeon who recognized Jesus on his first coming was devout which means he took the word of God seriously and he feared God. A person who doesn't fear God is not going to be transformed.

If you look at meekness, you look at humility, you look at the fear of the Lord, they all go together. I have been a Christian for 47 years. I still open up this Bible. I was in Hebrews 2 yesterday and I couldn't get out of it. I was so getting blessed by what the Holy Spirit was opening up and I'm like, Lord, how many times have I read this and I'm being changed right now? I'm seeing things that I've never saw before because I always want to approach the scripture with, okay, God, I don't care if it has to cut things out of me. I don't care if it corrects me because I literally write in my prayer journal, I'm ready for correction. The word of God is going to correct us. Paul said to Timothy, "The scripture we the power of the scripture it has the power to correct us to show us what way we're not living right."

People that sit there and go, "Oh, I can have heaven and I can have this earth too and I can live in this earth how I've been living because I got that promise of grace that's going to get me in no matter how I live." That is the doctrine of the Nicolaitans and that is the doctrine that Jesus said I hate.

I think it's a reflection, two parts in the story is that one, obviously we can praise and reflect on something that God's doing in someone who's very public's life. But we can't just take popularity and platform as a permission to understand what they say carries weight oftentimes within our spiritual walk. This person specifically said you don't have to go to church to be a Christian. I remember even I read a quote from CS Lewis and he said it's not necessary that you have to go to church to be a Christian but it is essential.

Well, you look at the early Christians. Nero put them in the circus and they were born limb for limb and they still met. Then Nero he crucified hundred Christians on a hill so everybody could see it. The Christians kept meeting. Then he put them on poles and put kerosene on them and lit them. And the churches stop meeting. So then the writer of Hebrews writes to them and says, "Do not forsake the assembling of yourselves together. As in the manner of some, especially as you see the day approaching."

So the writer of Hebrews writes prophetically as the second coming approaches there going to be people that do not forsake the assembling of themselves together.

Jesus said when we gather together, okay whether it's a home group and a Bible study whether it's a conference he said when two of you are gathered I'm in their midst. He says he will never leave us nor forsake us in Hebrews. So obviously there is a presence, there is a transformational presence of Jesus Christ that can transform us when we gathered together.

I look at the early church. What are they going to say to the 21st century church? The people that say, "Oh, I I'm a Christian in name." Because according to Barnard, there's 33 million Americans that say, "I'm a Christian." But they do not gather. They don't do home groups. They don't do they don't go to church. They just say, "I'm a Christian." Do they line up with biblical Christianity? I certainly wouldn't want to be in their shoes because I'm missing all of that presence that comes when we gather together in his name.

And that prepares us for the second coming as that's part of our soul's transformation. Now, the third transformation, the body. The transformation of the body. This is the one that Paul is talking about. Let me read this out of Philippians chapter 3. But we are citizens of heaven where the Lord Jesus Christ lives. And we are eagerly waiting. Get that? Eager waiting for him to return for our savior.

If you're kind of like, "Whenever he comes, he'll come." That's not eager waiting. A bride is eagerly waiting her wedding day. A groom is eagerly waiting his wedding day. Are you eagerly waiting the coming of the Lord?

The servant who says, "My master delays his coming," he will begin to become more fleshly. He'll begin to party, get drunk, and he'll beat his fellow servants. You beat people by gossiping about him and all that.

We are eagerly waiting for him to return. He will take our weak mortal bodies and change them into glorious bodies like his own, using the same power with which he will bring everything under his control.

A lot of people are probably hearing you being like, "Wait, why like why are you so excited for this?" Whenever the rapture has been talked about it's normally like this fear-based idea and I remember you showing us Left Behind the movie when we were kids and I'm like I'm not eagerly waiting that day like that this movie is scary. But you've got such an expectation and excitement around it and I feel like the whole reason is that this is a bride or this is a groom coming back for his bride. And I'm the bride. You're the bride. It's the relational side of it. I'm a bride. A bride is excited about my wedding day because I'm going to be forever with him. We are going to be forever with him. We are going to rule and reign right beside him forever and ever and ever.

Can you imagine the honeymoon? It's a big wedding feast in which the finest wines will be served. In Isaiah 26, the choice meats are going to be served. He is going to spread a banquet. He's actually going to serve us. He's going to have us sit down. I just want to throw the crown at the feet. I want to say, "Jesus, thank you. I was on my way to hell. I was on my way to a lake of fire and burned forever and ever, but you redeemed me. And you not only redeemed me, but you said, 'I want you to be my bride and rule with me forever and ever and ever.'"

The afflictions of this present time are nothing compared to the glory that shall be revealed in us. Are we going through troubles and trials and tribulations? Yes. But we have a hope. And that hope is a real hope. It's an enduring hope. It's the blessed hope of our groom coming back for us. It makes our present troubles look like nothing.

That's why you see so many people walking around depressed and sad. You want to know why they're focused on their troubles instead of the fact that the king of the universe, the one who created everything seen and unseen, is coming back for us.

He will take our weak mortal bodies and change them into glorious bodies like his own. We grow weary in our present bodies and we long to put on our heavenly bodies, like new clothing. When you get a new outfit, you go, "Whoa, I really like this. I can't wait to wear it." Just think about putting on a new body. That body is going to be just like his. We will put on our heavenly bodies. Remember that. Heavenly bodies. God's making you a heavenly body. We will not be spirits without bodies.

So, if you got this image of us going through eternity and we're all a bunch of like spirits floating around with translucent bodies, no, we're going to have a body just like Jesus's.

For this specific mystery or secret, in 1 Corinthians 15:51, what truth was previously hidden? A generation will not die, but they're going to be instantaneously and miraculously transformed into immortal bodies.

We who are alive are going to be transformed. What about the people that are dead right now? Where are they? They're in heaven. Do you know they're referred to in the book of Hebrews as the spirits of just men made perfect? So, they don't have bodies yet. They have spiritual bodies and it probably is translucent. But they're like Jesus was between the time he left his body when he died on the cross and when he was raised out of the grave. So, those three days and three nights, they are like Jesus was then. But when Jesus came bursting out of the grave, he had his resurrected body. That's why he's called the first born from the dead.

These people that have died before us, like my grandfather, my mother, right? They are in heaven, they are the spirits of just men and women made perfect. But they don't have their bodies yet because God ordained it that when Jesus returns, we're all, them and us who are alive, are going to get our bodies at the same time.

Let's talk about those bodies because remember Paul said that our heavenly bodies are going to be just like Jesus's. So, let's talk about Jesus. When he was raised from the dead, did he stand out freakishly? No. They didn't even realize that they were talking with him. Mary thought he was the gardener. The two disciples on the road to Emmaus, they're talking to him and they sit down and have a meal with him and they don't know. They don't even know who he is until all of a sudden he disappears and they go, "Oh my god. Our heart burned within us as he shared the scripture."

If you look at the disciples on the seashore, they thought he was just a guy. Then all of a sudden he said, "Hey, put your net on the other side." And there's a bunch of fish and Peter goes, "It's the Lord." And he swims and then they have a fish breakfast.

In this heavenly body, the city of God is physical. So we're going to have physical bodies like Jesus as we go on into eternity. Except those bodies can appear and disappear because he's sitting there eating and all of a sudden he's gone. The disciples walk through walls, have all the doors locked and all of a sudden he's there. This tells me there's probably different dimensions in the spirit we don't know about. I don't know that he physically went right through a brick wall or a stone wall.

It's what we talked about where it's existing outside of space and time. The matter just is different. So our bodies would they exist out of space and time. But just this is proof that it's a real physical body. Jesus when he was raised from the dead looks at Thomas and says, "Look at my hands. Look at my feet. You can see that it's really me. Touch me and make sure that I'm not a ghost because ghosts don't have bodies as you see I do."

So, you know, this is the way we're going to be. When Jesus appeared to John on the island of Patmos, John said his face shone like the sun, he said his eyes were like laser beams. His voice was the sound of the roar of an ocean. John fell down like a dead man. This tells me that this physical body can take on different forms.

Is that going to be true for us? Jesus says, "Then the righteous will shine like the sun in their father's kingdom." Like the sun. Daniel says, "Those who are wise and lead many to righteousness will shine like the stars in the firmament." Stars are suns.

So in other words, just as men of this earth are going to cry for the rocks to fall on top of them when Jesus returns and hide them from the glory in his face, just like John saw in the island of Patmos. Is his bride going to look like a worm? Is she going to look like a monkey? She's going to share his glory.

In reviewing these examples, it's evident that this heavenly body can take on different forms yet remain the same body. Jesus could float in the air. People that have been to heaven have seen what's coming. People could be in the United States with their glorified body and just think I want to be in Jerusalem and be there like that or they could travel there or they could float there.

Once we get our new bodies, remember we don't get our bodies until he returns for us.

The accounts of what you said, people that have seen what's coming, people that have experienced heaven and the people told them hey it's going to be like this, it's going to be like this. Right now we can do this. It's going to be. But you see Jesus do it he floats up in the air right in front of them. He's in and out of buildings one minute he's one place another minute he's another. We know we can do that. Philip got a little taste of that when he baptized the eunuch and all of a sudden he's gone. He's gone. Disappeared. You got a little preview.

Paul made the statement, "It will happen in an instant." In that scripture that we just read, remember in a moment? It's the Greek word at atamos. It's where we get our word atom from. So, basically this word, this is how it's defined. It means an indivisible point of time, an instant, a moment. Quantum physics tells us that once you get to 10 to the -43 seconds, so 10 to the -43 is is one with 43 zeros behind it. Once you divide a second that many times, you now are at the place of indivisible time. You can't divide time anymore. That's actually the word that is used in 1 Corinthians 15 in a moment. It's the atamos or atomic moment.

So you can't divide time anymore once you hit the quantum physics tells us that it's called plank time. That's the actual technical term for it.

How does this process transpire? This is where it gets good. 1 Thessalonians 4:15 through 18, Paul says, "We tell you this directly from the Lord." If you're going to get upset at the rapture or the catching away, you're going to have to go against something that Paul gets directly from the Lord. All of Paul's letters are directly from the Lord, except for when he says, "This is my opinion, right?" But he prefaces everything he's about to say with, "Guys, I'm going to tell you this. God gave me this one directly." He's putting like an emphasis. He's putting a highlight on these next verses.

The Lord himself. This is amazing. Jesus has been in heaven for over 2,000 years, but he's going to leave heaven for the first time in 2,000 years. The Lord himself will come down from heaven with a commanding shout, with the voice of an archangel, and with the trumpet call of God.

First, the believers who have died will rise from their graves. Clear, right? That's when they're going to get their new glorified bodies because right now their spirits of just men made perfect when the Lord comes back in the clouds, they're going to be reunited with their bodies. Their bodies are going to be destroyed by fire or whatever. They're going to come back.
