TITLE: You’ll Wish Someone Told You This Sooner...
SPEAKER: John Bevere
CHANNEL: John Bevere TV
SOURCE_URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEwES7dP_Hw
PUBLISHED: NA
DURATION_MIN: 0.0
SOURCE_TYPE: sermon
---
Offense is a sin. You just don't know what they did to me. No, you don't know what you did to Jesus. Hell was prepared for the devil and his angels, but the devil is taking men there. And one of the primary tools is unforgiveness. The Christians are holding offenses with one another, slandering each other. They're attacking each other on social media and just going after each other. We keep blinding ourselves to how serious of an offense unforgiveness is to God. If we treat unforgiveness the way we treat murder, we'll probably be free. In fact, there are more scriptures how that God will not forgive us if we don't forgive than there is how God will not forgive us if we murdered somebody. Here's what I believe is the root of all of this. We're going to continue talking about the dangerous trap of being offended, of being hurt, of being wounded. When the disciples asked Jesus, "What were going to be some of the signs that would occur right before he returns?" Many are going to be offended. And that word many means a very very large number. Some translations even say majority. At least 51%. I can say this without a doubt in 30 years of ministering on this because I wrote the book The Bait of Satan over 30 years ago. I've only seen one time, think about it, 30 years of ministering this all over the world. One time where less than 50% of the people in the conference or the church responded saying, "I'm offended." Now, that means 99.9% of the times that I preached this, over 50% of the people were offended. Most didn't realize they were offended until the word of God exposed it. That's why I'm glad you're listening to this podcast because we are going to spend this podcast bringing the word of God that to be honest with you, as I was preparing, it was bringing me under conviction. It was sharpening my heart. So, I know for a fact this is something that God wants us to do. I really believe it. I think it's good that you highlighted that the word of God exposes it because I think a lot of people don't fully identify what an offense is. They just see it as like no, maybe I just have this thing towards this person. And it's like it's not I'm not offended. I just I don't trust this person. I don't want to be around this person. Whatever it is. And there's just slowly beginning to like kind of slip into that offense trap. And so identifying that and not making it ununderstandable for people that it's something that it's impossible. The Bible says it's impossible that you are not going to go through this life without being offended. So having that reality and that humble spirit to not say I no I'm too proud to be offended or I've never been offended. I remember even saying like my dad wrote the book on offense like I'm not going to get offended. I'll be able to avoid it. And I quickly fell into that trap. So true story. Even after writing the book, after preaching it, preaching it, I became offended with our pastor and everybody in our family. When I say everybody, I'm saying, you know, you sons weren't married yet. Yeah. None of you were married. Lisa and all four sons were going, "Dad, you're offended with him." And I was like, "I'm not offended with him. I know about offense." I wrote a book on it. I mean, how stupid was I behaving? Right? Then I had to go read the Bait of Satan at Focus on the Family. It was back way back when we lived in Colorado Springs. And I'm reading this book and I came under the greatest conviction. And I came back and I looked at all of you guys and I said, "I have been offended." Yeah. I went and met with him. It was a wonderful meeting. There were two other men that I was offended with that I had to call. They were both leaders. And I said, "I am so sorry." Now, all three of those men, our relationship are really, really strong and solid today. Yeah. But it's amazing how I read that book in the studio and my own heart got exposed. That's how I know that I didn't write these books. The Holy Spirit wrote these books. And that was one of the things I said to Lisa when I came back. I said, "I know 1,000% I did not write that book. God did." Because that book just brought me under tremendous conviction. I love that. And that shows the humility as well because that's a huge part of with offense. I was humble before that. I was like, I'm not offended. I'm not offended. No, I know. I think anytime we try to rectify and we're trying to still justify and figure out like yeah. So, look, I'm so sorry this happened or I want to apologize for how I did things. Just this thing though over here, it it it always leaves a door open and which I I know we'll go into more in depth on these things, but I've always watched this when we try to justify when we're trying to reconcile it leaves that door open. And I've watched so many times where it's just boom, that offense just slips right back in. And I think I've always seen it when it's almost true reconciliation and that letting go of the offense is like, look, I have been offended with you. I don't even care what happened. I look at those things. I've reasoned I've run through them how many times. I'm not even going to try to justify any of those things that happened. I'm not trying to reason with those things. I'm just so sorry. Like I'm sorry that I've held this to you. And then through that conversation, it's a better understanding of each other and a reconciliation. I think when you come into it with this, I've got to you've got to a I'm going to apologize, but I want to get answers still around certain things. Not saying that you won't get those answers. It's just there always leaves this door open and I love it because the humility says look I'm just going to deal with myself and I'm going to deal with the things that I can't control and understand that I was in the wrong and I'm coming into this conversations accepting that. So there's the situation right now. The person that's been hurt offended is blinded to their own sin of offense. Yeah. Okay. So we justify offense because of how badly I was treated. So what I would like to say is two wrongs in the kingdom of God have have never equaled into an act of righteousness. Two wrongs have never made a right. In other words, my sin of offense is not justified by how he was treated. And this is the thing that I hear over and over and over because Jesus makes this statement right after he says many will be offended. He said many false prophets will then rise up. After this, many false prophets rise up and deceive many. Which tells us that an offended heart is the breeding ground for deception. Now, when I'm deceived, that is a dangerous place to be because I really believe I'm right when in reality I'm wrong. And that's scary. You know, I looked carefully back. What kept me in this place of deception, of torment, was the fact that I was treated so badly by someone who should have protected me, someone who should have nurtured me, that I was blind to my own sin of being offended. Offense is a sin. And this is the thing. I've heard so many people say this to me, you just don't know what they did to me. And what I would like to say to you if that's let's just be honest. Let's open up our hearts right now and let's open it to the word of God and let's get healed because the word of God doesn't hurt you. It heals you. You just don't know what they did to me. No, you don't know what you did to Jesus. Now, here's a statement. I actually want you to write this down and look at it after the podcast is over. Think about this. A person who cannot forgive is a person that has actually forgotten what they've been forgiven of. Now, let me say it again. I'm going to get a little bit more specific. A believer who refuses to forgive is a believer who is actually forgotten or never realized what they were forgiven of. We have to remember that first of all, what we did to God, all right, was so offensive that we deserve to burn in the lake of fire forever. I mean, I mean, and here's what I believe is the root of all of this. I think in the Western church especially, we categorize sins. Okay? So, we got the big sins. We have witchcraft. We have murder. We have adultery. We have these big sins. Then we have what we call weaknesses. Okay. Strife, outbursts of anger, unforgiveness. Okay. Now, this is what's amazing and I was just felt prompted of the Holy Spirit to go look at it this morning. Proverbs chapter 6 16-19 tells us the six things that God hates. Yeah. Okay. Hates. But the seventh one goes beyond hatred in God's eyes. It goes to an abomination. Yeah. All right. What are these six things? Haughty eyes, a lying tongue, hands that murder innocent blood. That's a whole message right there on the fact that we've killed over 70 million people in America. I don't even want to talk about it. Okay. A heart that manufactures, and I'm talking about babies in the womb. A heart that manufactures wicked thoughts and plans. So, in other words, you're scheming wicked thoughts and plans. Hurrying. Here's here's number five. Hurrying to do wrong. Here's number six. Being a false witness. All right. Misrepresenting, lying about somebody. All right. Those six the Lord hates. Now, what's interesting is okay, adultery is not in this list. Now, is adultery not a sin? No. It is. Listen, one of the commandments. It's the eighth commandment. Yeah. Okay. Jesus makes it so clear. You know, Paul makes it so clear. Paul said, "Don't even be deceived. Adulterers will not inherit the kingdom of God." So, I'm not justifying adultery, but I find it amazing. It's not in this list. But the seventh one that God says, this one trumps them all, is someone who sows discord among brothers and sisters. Okay. Gossip. Yeah. Now, here's what I like to say. Treat gossip the way you treat murder. Yeah. You'll probably get delivered. If we treat gossip as something that's not in this list, and it's amazing. Adultery is not even in this list, but this is the one that God says is an abomination. If we really see gossip as it being abominable, sowing discord among family members, if we see that the way God sees it, boy, let me tell you something. We won't touch it with the 10-ft pole. Yeah. If we treat unforgiveness the way we treat murder, we'll probably be free. But the problem is we keep blinding ourselves to how serious of an offense unforgiveness is to God because it's the very foundation of Calvary. I mean, think about it. Jesus on the cross said, "Father, forgive them." They don't know what they're doing. Okay? They knew what they were doing. Yeah. They drove nails into his hands. Okay. But in reality, he's not talking just about those soldiers. He's talking about the next generation, the next generation, the next generation, right down to you and me. Because our sins put him there. Well, and that act of forgiveness led to the Roman officer even acknowledging like he said truly this was the son of God. Because he saw this man forgive. Yeah. Which is beautiful. The most gruesome death a human being. Do you realize that when he was beaten and scourged he didn't even look like a human being? Yeah. But that I mean would you just stop and think about this? This is after he is so beaten by four regiments of soldiers. He doesn't even look like a human being and yet he goes, "Father, forgive them. They don't know what they're doing." Yeah. Well, I mean, can I actually touch on that? Going back to the Roman soldier is I understand there was an earthquake and there was shaking that took place as well. But one of those elements was the forgiveness that he acknowledged. But that Roman officer probably saw countless crucifixions that had taken place. But yet one of the defining factors in that moment of understanding that was truly the son of God was the forgiveness. Like and that set it apart from everything else that he continuously. It wasn't that he was saw oh man this was so brutal or so gruesome or wow. It says, "No, I saw that man endure the things that he just endured and still yet said, "Father, forgive them." Like, that's beautiful. And that's an understanding for our our lives is the things that we have to navigate. Understanding it's impossible that will not come. Understanding the tribulations, the hardships, the lying, the things that will come up against us that we have to navigate. But yet as much as we go through, one of the defining factors it should be as us as children of God should be that our ability to forgive those who have wronged us. And I think that also stands us out from the world right now. We have so much in the world that we have so much in the world where people are the Christians are holding offenses with one another. They're slandering each other. They're attacking each other on social media and just going after each other and disagreeing openly and leading to this place where they're hating their brethren openly on social media and we're not showing any difference. Yeah. We're not showing any difference than the world. And so people don't know us or see us by the fruits that they're actually taking. Here's the thing. I mean, you have to understand the magnitude. Well, you just don't know what they did to me. Okay. Do you understand what you did to Jesus? Do you really understand? So Ardan, I'll never forget this as long as I live. Okay? My just punishment for what I did to God was that I deserved to burn in a lake of fire for all eternity. That was my just. Now listen to my word just. In other words, that's what was fair to God because of how much I offended him is that me burning a lake of fire forever and ever and ever. I can't think of anything that we can do to one another that is worse than that. Yeah. Okay. So, here's the worst thing I can think of is child abuse. That that's probably I've thought, what's the worst thing one man can do to another? an innocent, a defenseless child being abused by an adult. And I'll never forget this. Remember our next door neighbor? He was a WWF wrestler. We used to play street hockey every single night with him. Kip and his two sons were about your boys' ages. And we had a lot of fun. And I remember I went to Kip. Kip kept saying to me, "John, I'll take you to the gym. I'll train you." So when I was 35, I went to the gym with him and he started training me. Well, in this sweatbox of a gym, they always played the local radio station. And back in those days, we didn't have, you know, earphones. So, I'm always listening to the radio station. Well, all of Orlando was in an uproar because of the way a father treated his little 18-month-old baby girl. She was crying too much. I'm going to guess, I never heard this, but I'm going to guess she probably had what's that thing that causes colic? She probably had colic. He got so upset because the mother was gone working. He's home with the baby that he put the oven on broiler. Broiler got the oven rack so it was red hot a branding iron and started bouncing the baby on that broiler thinking it would silence the baby's crying. Yeah. Okay. The baby ended up with second and third degree burns. All right. I'm telling you, the guys in that gym, I'm talking about even the sinners wanted to kill that guy. Yeah. They were so furious. I mean, the radio announcer day after, and this is something we heard because I'm in the gym every day because he's making me work out every day, but one, and I'm hearing this over and over right now, is bad as what that father did to that baby. That's nothing compared to burning in a lake of fire for all eternity. in utter darkness with a stench that no nostril could ever because the stench of hell is sulfur and that's the only thing your nose can't get used to. I trust you. Yeah. So you're in a lake, you're being eaten by worms because Jesus said the worm will not die and the fire will not go out. All right. This was the punishment God created for the devil. And Jesus when he looks at him and says, "You're going to hell." Hell was prepared for the devil and his angels, but the devil is taking men there. And one of the primary tools he's using to take human beings there is unforgiveness. Okay? And this is why we hear over and over again in the gospels that if we cannot forgive, we will not be forgiven by our heavenly father. And I'm going to read these scriptures because I want you to hear these scriptures. And there's a reason Jesus says this. It's because God put his nature in us. The Bible says the love of God was shed abroad in our heart by the Holy Spirit. Which means the very same love that Jesus had on the cross that forgave us before we ever said, "I'm sorry." Because somebody says, "When they apologize, I'll forgive them." Well, what if Jesus would have waited for you to apologize? You never he that the kindness of God never would have led you to repentance. So, he forgave you long before you ever said, "I'm sorry." Yeah. And I remember this was the thing that kept me in the trap of unforgiveness is I kept thinking it's so blatant, so obvious everybody else sees what he's done to me. Why doesn't he come and apologize? Okay, that was one of the strongholds that kept me in unforgiveness, that kept me under torment. Okay. So, let me read this parable. Matthew 18, the whole chapter is basically Jesus talking about unforgiveness, about offenses, about being in disagreement with brothers. Okay. So let's get back to this. I deserved hell. Yeah. You deserved hell. Yeah. That was our just reward. Yeah. Okay. That's far worse than what what happened to that baby. And that baby will grow up. And because of the sin nature in that baby, eventually that baby would have sinned. And so that baby's destiny would have been the same thing as that. That's far worse than what we deserved. It's so mind-blowing. I mean, in Matthew 18, Jesus makes this so clear. Matthew 18, Peter comes to Jesus and said, "Lord, how often shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him?" Now, Peter thinks he's just stretching to the hilt on this one. Yeah. Because they were brought up under an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth. In other words, you do something to me, I get to do it back to you, and I get to do it legally because it's under the law. Yeah. And Peter keeps hearing Jesus talk about forgiveness. And so Peter just looks at Jesus and goes, "Okay, okay. I think you've already said, "Blessed are you, Peter, because I recognize you were the Christ. I've already walked on water. I want to get three notches up on these guys because they're constantly jocking for who's the greatest. I mean, they were just these guys are amazing. And Peter goes, I'm just going to think as big as I can think. And he goes, my brother sins against me seven times I forgive him. That's enough. And he's expecting Jesus to go, wow, you finally got it, Peter. Yeah. Peter goes and Jesus goes to Peter, no, no, no, no, not seven times. 70 times seven. And if you go over to Luke's gospel, he says in a day. He said, 'If your brother sins against you seven times in a day and comes back and says, I repent, you shall forgive him. And by the way, that's when the disciples said, Lord, increase our faith. They saw him raise the dead. They saw him open up blind eyes. They saw him calm the ocean. But when he says, "Your brother sins against you seven times in a day and comes back and says, I'm sorry." Yeah. That's when they go increase our faith. In other words, this is too difficult. Now, they don't have the love of God shed in their brought in their heart yet. We do. Yeah. And Jesus is speaking to us prophetically as the church. So can I before we jump on Absolutely. I know I'm kind of on a roll. No, you're good. I think something that is practical people are probably asking. I remember seeing a post someone said and I disagreed with it, but he said you know Jesus said to forgive but not to forget. And I've always kind of correlated these two things because we're supposed to forgive as Jesus had forgiven us. Correct. And the Bible talks about let's read the scripture. Okay. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Forgive us our sins. This is the Lord's prayer. We pray this in the Lord. Forgive us our sins as we have forgiven those who have sinned against us. Okay. And but then it Now, how did God forgive us? Well, the scripture says, he buries our sins in a sea of forgetfulness. That's as far as from the east as from the west, which is an infinite distance. And so, how do we navigate that though? The forgive but not forget, which is what that guy was saying. But I think that's that's almost wrong in a way. But also, we talked about last time the boundaries and keeping those boundaries. So, what is the correct way to navigate that? Or what does true forgiveness look like? Let's look at the way God forgave us. Was he good to me? Did he bless me before I was saved? Yeah. Gave me food, gave me sunshine, gave me water to drink, right? Gave me clothes to wear, gave me something to sleep on. Yeah. Okay. It's the goodness and kindness of God that led me to repentance. Right. So before I'm saved, he's good to me, right? That's the way we're supposed to be with someone. But before I got saved, did he share the intimate things of his heart with me? No. Okay. It wasn't until I got saved and I started walking in obedience by the power of his spirit that he started sharing his intimate secrets. So what that means is we go back to what we said in the last podcast. We don't put up walls. We put up boundaries. Yeah. God had a boundary with me before I repented that said, "I'm not going to open up and share the intimate things of my heart with you." Yeah. But he still blessed me. He still would protect me. I didn't get in any car wrecks that took my life before I got saved. I didn't get, you know, diseases that took my life early before I got saved. He was protecting me. He was good to me. Yeah. So that is an excellent question. But there was a boundary. He didn't share the intimate secrets of his heart with me. Yeah. So creating creating those boundaries but not like holding because I feel like that that saying of forgive but don't forget is like I'm creating a boundary but I'm almost building it up into after I repented he buried my seeds in the sin of forgetfulness. Yeah. So I can go back to him and say do you remember what I did? And this happened to me just recently. He said son don't bring this up again. I have forgotten this. Okay. So, so let me ask on this because I think this guy was even correlating it to um emotional well-being and this understanding like I remember I had a friend who was going to a Christian therapist and it was like uh he was he was talking to him going back and forth and he came to me one day and he was like, "Oh, I realize why I'm so messed up. Like it's my it's my dad's fault and now I know it's my dad's fault and so I understand why I messed up." And it wasn't this point of like I told him I said, "Well, are you going to go talk to your dad and just be able to reconcile in that area?" He was like, "No, I just know now why I messed up." And it was this point of almost like this emotional like and um for lack of better words, but emotional crutch where it's like we understand why we are the way that we are because of the way that someone else treated us. And so we tie our unforgiveness to them and we entangle our emotions to them and then we try to walk and navigate life forward understanding this crutch. And I feel like that's almost what he was even alluding to within the emotional awareness scene because I think so many people are in that space where they're like, I have unforgiveness towards my parents or unforgiveness towards this person or I've walked through like I forgive them but I'm still this way because of them. How do we navigate that? Do you understand what I'm saying here? Because I think that's big right now. Let's take a look at Joseph. Yeah. Joseph gets a dream from God. Now we know his character is a little bit. He's a bragger. He's a tattletale. His brothers hate him. Yeah. And God gives him a dream. You're going to be a leader and your brothers will serve you. What happens? His brothers seek to destroy him. They seek to kill him. Yeah. They throw him into a pit. They tear his robe, cover it with blood. They're going to let him just rot in the pit. Judah who happens to be the lineage the one who has whose lineage Jesus comes through. Judah sees the caravan of Ishmaelites. Yeah. He said, "Guys, I got a better idea. Make some money." Let's sell him. Let's sell him. When you're back in those days sold as a slave to a foreign nation, you will be a slave the rest of your life. Your wife will be a slave. your children will be slaves. It's over. So, a lot of us Americans, a lot of us westerners don't realize how serious it is what they did to him. It is one thing to be born a slave is another thing to be born of a very wealthy man. Just think about it. Abraham's all of his wealth went down to Isaac, went down to Jacob. Okay? Do you remember kings came to Abraham? Yeah. Because of his Abraham had armies. Abraham was extremely wealthy. The Bible even says he was wealthy in cattle, silver, and gold. Right? This is Jacob. Joseph is the heir of this very wealthy man. And because of what his brothers do, it's all stripped from him. Now he's a slave. He's going to work the rest of his life to build somebody else's wealth. Now he is sold to Potiphar's house. If you're a believer, you know this story. Officer of Pharaoh. He is a slave in his house. Yeah. Now, we don't understand Joseph's inheritance was not just the wealth of Jacob. It was the name. Yeah. I'm carrying Remember how depressed men were when they didn't have sons in the Old Testament because they had no one to carry on their name. Yeah. Joseph's inheritance was to carry on the name of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. They stripped that of him. So, not only did they strip him of the inheritance of wealth, but his name. I mean, this is serious stuff what they did. To be honest with you, I imagine in the years before Joseph saw this dream fulfilled, he thought many times, it would have been better if they just killed me. Yeah. All right. So, you're made of a slave. You get a little favor with your master after ten years, and you're made now steward of his household. But something very wicked is happening. The master's wife, Potiphar's wife, gets the hots for Joseph. She doesn't approach him once. She approached him every day. Yeah. Every single day. Now, he's got no church he's going to. He's got no fellowship he's going to. He's got no family to hook up. No accountability. Yeah. All he has to do is sleep with this woman. Nobody will ever find out. But he fears God so much. Now, think about it. He got a dream that he was going to be leader of his brothers. And this dream hasn't been fulfilled for ten years. Some people are upset if God doesn't fulfill their dreams in six weeks, six months, ten years, and you're thinking, you know, what good is it that I'm serving God? I've been a slave for ten years, and I've had really, you know, everything stripped from me. I've got this beautiful woman who probably has a seducing spirit up to her eyeballs. Nobody's going to know, but he fears God so much, he says no. And she approaches him daily, every single day, for sex. And one day they're alone and he says, "God forbid that I do this great sin." And he flees. And she's got a hold of his robe. He flees the house naked. She's a scorn woman. She screams rape. Now he's thrown into a dungeon. Our prisons are country clubs. Country clubs compared to a Middle Eastern dungeon. I've been in two of them. They're usually underground. They're very, very damp. There is no toilet. There's no toilet. You're living in your waist. What they did in those days is they gave the bread of affliction and the water of affliction. That was they wanted to give you just enough to keep you alive because dying is too easy. So he's in this dungeon. Now God brings the greatest test to him. If he's offended at all with God because of what my brothers have done to me. When these two guys come to him and say, "We had dreams last night." And they recognize there was a gift on Joseph to interpret dreams. Joseph could have said to them, "You had a dream last night? I had a dream once. Leave me alone. And he did. If he would have done that, he never would have gotten out of prison. Yeah. But he interprets the guy's dreams. He says, "Hey, just remember one thing to the butler. Please remember me when you get before Pharaoh. I'm completely innocent." The butler forgets. Two more years go by. Okay. Now, Pharaoh has the dream. God exalts him in one day. Right. Okay. then you have seven years of plenty. Okay, so now we're at twelve years. Add seven more years of plenty and you're at nineteen years. Actually, I was wrong earlier. It's twenty-one years. Then you have two years of famine. Twenty-one years. All right. I'm answering your question in a long roundabout way. All right. Twenty-one years. And finally, here come his brothers. Now, what if Joseph what if Joseph didn't forget what they did? He's now in authority. He can punish them. He can make them slaves. He can execute them. Yeah. Easily. But he blesses his brothers. Yeah. So that's not a guy remembering what they did. He blesses them. And then he says because this is what we think. Okay. This is what we think. We think other people control our destinies when in reality they don't. Yeah. There is no man, no woman, no child, no devil that can get you out of the will of God. The only one that can get you out of the will of God is you. If Israel gets offended with Moses and really offended with God and they don't fulfill their destiny. They die in the desert. So, the only one that can get you out of your destiny is you. Yeah. By being offended, which you would say an offense is one of the best ways the enemy will use to get you out of your Yeah. Get you out of the will of God. Yeah. Okay. He looks at those brothers and says, "You didn't send me here." Yes, they did. No, they didn't. He saw beyond it. And he said, "God, I realize." Because this is the way we think. Okay. God the Father is sitting next to God the Son on the throne. And God the Father goes, "Jesus, Bill just lost his dream job because Jack, his fellow employee, gossiped and lied about him and he got fired. Do you have any job openings available for him? That's the way we think God responds. Oh Jesus. Um Jane, oh my gosh, she the man I wanted her to marry. He married her best friend because her best friend lied to him and he he turned his affections from Jane to her best friend Sally and they got married. Do you have another guy for this? This is the way we think God responds. So that's why we remember. Yeah. When I go, "Wait a minute. If I stay free from offense, if I walk in obedience to God, if I keep myself in the love of God, no man, no woman, no child, no devil can get me out of God's plan for my life." The steps of a good man and woman are ordered of God. So, I'm going to remember. Now, what I'm going to do is remember is I'm going to continue to be tormented. Yeah. Do you feel like that's why? because I have seen in I've seen studies that have shown the massive uptick of emotional um emotional health being such a a massive thing whereas before I think it was like the 1960s 1940s something like that it was not as big of an emphasis. Do you actually feel like offense is tied into that? Which I'm not saying offense wasn't as much of a breeding ground, but I don't know. Like I'm just seeing there's such an uptick within it. I think the danger of counseling is it gets the focus on our soul instead of truth. Okay. Joseph had to be focused on truth. God gave me a dream. God is faithful. God will bring forth his promise. Yeah. And no matter what my brothers did to me because the Bible says he remembered. When these brothers came before him, he remembered. And that remembered doesn't mean, "Oh, I forgot now. I just remembered." It means he kept before him the entire twenty-one years that one day his brothers would serve him. He never lost sight of that. Yeah. And I want to make sure that's clear is you're not saying there's no benefit of counseling. Like I'm not saying that because I believe in counseling. But I believe because your your mother and I look at our marriage and our marriage wouldn't be as strong as it is today had it not been for the godly counselor who was a pastor named Chip. Yeah.
