TITLE: The Devil's Latest Plan Is Digital.
SPEAKER: John Bevere
CHANNEL: John Bevere TV
SOURCE_URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWvxUUeRLQM
PUBLISHED: NA
DURATION_MIN: 0.0
SOURCE_TYPE: sermon
---

Here's something you need to understand. We're not in a playground. We live in a battleground. People want clicks. So, you're going to amp something up. The Bible says that gossip is like a tasty truffle. So, here's Satan. He's called the God, little G, of this world. Can you imagine the enemy's delight in the fact that now we have the ability to spread our perceived injustices through social media and then the algorithm feeds it even more. So the enemy is like they're helping me do my job.

This is leading to spiritual blindness. I've said this for years. I'm going to say it again. I want you to listen to me. A person that cannot forgive is a Christian that doesn't realize what they've been forgiven of. I'm not pointing fingers. 35 years ago, this was me. He hurt me so bad. He was in authority over me. He was a father figure to me. He hurt me so bad and I was wounded until I got out of the offense and all of a sudden I saw clearly and I realized there is absolutely a deadly deadly trap that millions, and I'm not exaggerating when I'm saying this, millions are falling into a deadly trap. And 31 years ago, I wrote this book called The Bait of Satan. It's amazing how this thing has lasted in 30 years. It's such a timeless thing. But then not only that is not a lot of people even in today's day has actually read it.

So it's such a needed message like I would say it's probably one of the most important messages that you have ever written. I run into people like it too. And and what's interesting is this book has passed six million copies. So it tells me there's just like a new generation cuz 30 years is that's a long time. 40 years we consider to be a generation, right? There's just a new generation that's not familiar with it. Yet I find that this message is more relevant today than it was 31 years ago when it was written. And in those days the major trap was people being hurt by people that were close to them. So that's the trap. It's being offended.

People were were very very upset. they were mistreated that they were unfairly treated at work or at church or in their families and and and we just kept seeing it over and over and I started preaching and Ardan when I've preached on this I've never seen once except for one time excuse me I've only seen one time in 31 years of preaching on this less than 50% of the people in churches respond or conferences respond.

Yeah. I remember one time I was in a 10,000 there was 10,000 people in this conference it was in a massive arena and um when I said every one of you that are offended after speaking the word of God please stand up we I want to pray for you to be released to be to forgive and to be released from this torment 80% 8,000 people stood up and I first of all was had to get over the shock of seeing that many people stand up but boy the freedom that came into that place.

And what what what what the greatest deception is and what the the the greatest bait of this trap is you think you're free when in reality you go into prison. Let me just frame it like that. I love this quote before you go into this because you said prison is one of these my favorite quotes is to forgive is to set someone free only to realize that person was you. Yes. Like I love that. And that is exactly what it is. And even Luke 17, like I I hope you people understand this. It says it's impossible that an offense will not come. Jesus made this. Jesus, it's impossible that offense will not come. And not only that, he says an offended brother is you might as well put a it's better if they had a millstone tied around their neck and and dropped them into let's break that down. Yeah. So Jesus is saying if you breathe air, you're going to have the opportunity to be offended, right?

All right. So, I want to say what you do with that offense is going to determine what your future's going to look like. Either you're going to be stronger or you're going to be bitter, but you'll never be the same when somebody has done something unjust to you.

Yeah. Okay. and and and we're going to cover this and I'm not going to rush this because you know we were praying right here in this studio before we started this and I just felt the burden of millions of people that are have been entrapped in snared by this trap by this by the bait of Satan. And so the thing that is so alarming me is when I wrote the book 31 years ago it was pretty much what people have done to me. Now it's expanded. All right. It's expanded decades later to now people are offended by either real or perceived real or perceived social injustices.

Yeah. Okay. Now, in other words, I'm offended because of what others are doing to others. Yeah. You're taking on other people. And so we just we just basically made the prison larger. We in essence made the trap even even bigger, more more potent, more more dangerous. All right. This offense, and I'm I I I can't say this strong enough, is being fed and even accelerated by social media, by news media, by podcasts, and by talk shows.

Yeah. Um and due to blind due to the blindness occurring from the offense, most often it's not even the real story. Yeah. So people are being offended carrying offense by something that's not even the accurate story. Yeah. Because of the way it's being twisted, amped up by social media. Let's let's just be honest. I mean, I think everybody understands this, but I'm going to say it. People want clicks on social media. So, you're going to amp something up or even make it unrealistic in order to get people. Why? Because the Bible says that gossip is like a tasty truffle. It's delicious to the soul, but when we eat it, it turns into bitterness in our bodies.

Yeah. Well, can I even say this is the um I think what we're looking at right now is the algorithm is what is feeding that like because the algorithm will feed whatever it is your eyes continue to keep looking at. And so instead of, you know, just, oh man, I stumbled upon something, it's like, oh, if you kind of started to partake in that tasty treat that you think is good, the algorithm is just going to keep giving you more and more and then before you know it, it's it's it's gossip. You know, it's exactly that is is people who love to gossip, they they look for any and every opportunity to say something. They look for any person to go and have this conversation about someone else that is not actually pertaining to them. and and it and it just like fixes something inside of them. But that's essentially what's happening with the algorithm on social media is you have feeding you offensive material.

Exactly. And then you also have completely different stories that are taking place based on whatever you continue to look at. It's feeding you one thing over here to someone who's looking at one thing and just continuing to believe one narrative and it's feeding you something else. And that's even what you see is when there's an offense between two people is you have two different sides that almost create when it's you know they both go and start sharing with anyone and everyone about the offense that they have and their their mistrust in that other person and then you have two different parties or two different people groups that have completely different stories from what actually did happen and what actually is happening in the situation which is why Matthew 18 is so clear is you're supposed to go directly to your brother and and and work out that that work out that forgiveness between the two of you.

So, here's Satan, the prince of the power of the air. That's what he's called. He's called the god, little g of this world. So, Paul talks about the course of this world. So, can you imagine the enemy's delight in the fact that now we have the ability to spread offense injust our perceived injustices through social media and then the algorithm feeds it even more. So, the enemy is like, they're helping me do my job.

Yeah. Yeah. Scary. And no, I know. I shouldn't even laugh because it's so scary. Yeah. And um this is where people now are getting pulled into this trap so much more quicker. And this is why Jesus talked about this. I mean that the disciples, they're on the temple mount. They're admire admiring the beauty of the temple because it was several buildings. Herod greatly enhanced the temple that Zerubabel built, right? And so it's absolutely gorgeous. It was the glory of the latter temple was even greater than Solomon's glory because of what Herod had added to it. And they're admiring these buildings and Jesus said, "Hey, there's not going to be one stone left upon the other." And that triggered the disciples to say, "What are going to be the signs that are going to happen before this takes place?" But then they added and before you return and the end of the age. So they asked them three things. So Jesus starts talking to them about what is going to happen before the end before he returns. Not just before the stones were overthrown. That would be from their time till 70 AD when Titus and Romans armies came in and literally destroyed. And what happened was they found out that the Jews had hidden gold coins in the walls and also were swallowing them. They disembowed the Jew Jews. They killed anywhere from 600,000 to a million Jews they estimate because they found out the Roman soldiers that they were hiding their coins by swallowing them and they were hiding their coins in the walls. So literally they tore and I have been on site when I have been told by uh my my guides. Every single stone they pulled apart looking for more gold. Okay. But he also was telling them about what would happen right before his return. And I believe Matthew chapter 24:10-14 apply to both time periods. So it applies to us.

Yeah. And Jesus said, "And then many will be offended." So the Greek word for many means a very large number. So we're not talking about just a few, a small remnant. It's very opposite of remnant. It means large. And and as a matter of fact, it is sometimes it's it's its counterpart. There's there's two very similar Greek words. The counterpart word is used for majority or most. All right? So this is a large number. And then many will be offended, will betray one another, and will hate one another. Now this is a progression. An offended person will eventually betray and if a betrayal is not addressed, it can lead to hatred.

Yeah. Now, where we get that from is Proverbs 18:19 says, "A brother, and I think it's interesting that it says, "A brother offended is harder to win than a strong city."

Yeah. So, in the days of Solomon, who wrote the book of Proverbs, what did strong cities have around them? They had walls. What were walls built for? They were built for protection. So, those walls were built to keep out those people that you perceived were against you and allow in those people that you believed were for you. Thereby, an offended person builds walls. Now, these walls aren't physical walls. They're emotional walls.

Yeah. Because the Apostle Paul makes a statement in second Corinthians chapter 10. He said, "Though we walk in the flesh, we don't war in the flesh."

Yeah. All right. So, here's something you need to understand. We're not in a playground. We live in a battleground.

Yeah. Okay. The enemy is called the prince of power of the air. He is lurking around every corner of darkness looking for ways of deceiving, looking for ways of destroying people. Even Peter says he is like a roaming lion seeking whom he may devour. Now, isn't it interesting seeking whom? Who are the whoms that he can devour? I believe we can open doors to him.

If you look at God when he look right right back from the beginning, here's Abel. He obeys God in his offering. Here's Cain. He tries to bring the offering done his way. And when God rejects Cain and his offering, I I think that that to me is mind-blowing. Not don't only does God reject the offering, it says clearly in scripture, God rejected Cain and his offering. Cain's furious. And God comes to him and says, "Cain, if you just obey me, you'll be accepted just like your brother. But if you don't obey me, sin is lying at the door and its desire is for you. But you, Cain, should rule over it."

Now, there is so much in that. God is saying to Cain, look, if you don't obey me, you open up a door and that door is going to allow sin to come in. Well, hatred for your brother. Hatred. Yeah. And that's the first thing outside of the garden. Yes. Is hatred. And I'm going to show you how John elaborates on this. Okay. Because I I I I was I was reading First John just the other day and I saw something I've never seen before that we're going to get to before the end of this podcast.

Yeah. And can I ask you though and and maybe I'm skipping ahead, but I think some people might already hear the word walls and I know I've gone through situations when I've been offended with someone. I'm like, "Yeah, I'm just not going to let them in." like and I'm just I'm going to hold them at an arms distance. Um, but that was someone who was a brother in Christ that I I I wanted a relationship with. What's the difference between a wall and like a boundary, you know, where you're putting up?

No, you did not get ahead. A wall is like, I won't let you in. You're done. I'm through with you. Yeah. And you know, I'll be cordial to you. I mean, Ammon put up a wall with Absalom. Mhm. And he basically didn't speak good or evil to him. Yeah. That wall. And we're going to get to this. He says, he says, "Many will be offended, betray one another, hate one another." The word hate, I literally have the Greek word and the word hate means loveless. Yeah. So it literally means there's a vacuum. And there's absolutely no love in there. So in other words, that wall, think of a vacuum. It's got a wall and it doesn't allow air in. It's completely airless and the vacuum has sucked all the air out and it's got walls to keep air from coming in. Right? So, a lot of people think hatred is I'm mad at you. I'm I'm yelling at you. No, to be honest with you, you might be fighting for a relationship if somebody's, you know, yelling. Absalom hated Amnon. Mhm. He neither spoke good nor evil to him. Yeah. So in other words, he put up that wall that right, there's no love in there at all. Okay. And what does it lead him to do two years later? He kills his own brother. So we got the same thing with Cain. Mhm. Cain opens up this door and what comes in is darkness. And now he's so angry with his brother, he kills his own brother.

Yeah. Do you know and and we actually have the stats that uh I'm I'm

Well, can I even say this as you're finding that is I think what even you're beautifully saying is there's nothing there. I think when you put up a boundary, it's almost like you still you still want good for that person. You still like want you still love them. you still see that that person is a a child of God, made in the image of God. And though the behavior and the things that they're doing are not in correlation at all what God would want you to be connected to or have in your life, you still see them the way that God sees them. And you but you put up a safeguard to make sure that you're not, you know, not getting yourself into a continual bad place, but yet you're still praying over them, speaking over them, and believing God's going to to res to restore them. I'm with a gentleman on a golf course last week and this gentleman asked me, he just said, "Look, um, my brother," and he just started sharing some of the horrific things his brother was doing. Yeah. And he said, "You know, John, you know, I could tell he hadn't forgiven him." And I said, "Look, I remember myself saying the same things you're saying to me right now. And do you know what got me free is when I started praying for the person who really really hurt me. Whatever I wanted God to do in my life, I prayed for him."

Yeah. And he said, "Oh man, that's so hard to do." And I said, "Yes, it's hard to do." And I I said to him, I said, "Look, physical therapy is not easy, but physical therapy heals you." And Paul makes a statement in Acts 24:16. He said, and this is King James version, "And here do I always exercise myself to be free from offense with God and man." Now, maybe I'll talk about more that that more of that later, but I said to him, I said, "Do you understand that I realized I had to do the exercise of praying for him?" Because David says in Psalm 35, he said, "These people had rewarded him evil. He had done them good and they rewarded him evil." He said, "But when they were sick, these people that had did done him evil, he said, 'I fasted for them like my brother or my mother.' And I said to this gentleman on the golf course, I said, 'Have you done that? Have you prayed for your brother what you want God to do in your life? He said, no, I really haven't."

Yeah. And he said, but John, then he came back and he said, John, he's so abusive to my kids. He's so abusive, you know, with our family. And I said, "Listen, you can put up healthy boundaries." Yeah. But still love him. I said, Jesus said, "Bless those that curse you." Right. I said, "You can send him notes, send him texts saying how much you love him, how you're you're praying for his his welfare. If you see him financially in trouble, give him aid." Yeah, but that doesn't mean you spend time and you're going to coffee with him once a week or inviting him over for Thanksgiving when he's being abusive with your family.

Yeah. It just means that you keep your heart in a place where you're blessing. You're giving. Yeah. So, the boundary is to protect your family and you from abusive behavior. Yes. But the wall says I'm shutting out my affections, my love, my compassion, my giving. Yeah. So I said, "He's the person which puts you in a prison." Yep. And I said, "He's yourself up." Yeah. I said, "You bless all these people. You give to all these." Because this is a very generous man I'm with on the golf course. I said, "You give to all these people. What are you giving to him? What what what what are you doing to bless him? How are you doing good?"

Yeah. And it it challenged he realized and because he's such a godly man, this gentleman I was with. And he said, "Oh my gosh, I see it." Yeah. And I said, "To be honest with you, when you really, really have forgiven him, I said that sting won't be there. You'll have a healthy boundary up." I said, "I've got a person that I prayed for for years." And I said, "I got a healthy boundary up. I'm not going to go to that person's house. This person happens to be in my family. I'm not going to spend time hanging out with that person because it's not healthy." Okay? And but yet, I'm constantly reaching out. Constantly Well, I'm not constantly. I'm I'm reaching out and blessing this person. Yeah. And I try to think of ways to do it. So that's the difference. Have I answer I want to make sure that No, I think I think that's really helpful because I think people hear this and they immediately are like but it's an abusive relationship and they throw out like a lot of the teaching around offense because of an abusive relationship. And I think that correlation that you just showed was so powerful. The difference between boundary and walls because if you put up the wall, you were imprisoning yourself. Yourself. Yeah. Yes. That's it. Yeah. Okay. Go ahead. Sorry. I know. No, no, no, no, no, no. There is actually they've done some surveys and thanks to our producer, we've got some. But Buckley program college student survey, they they did this this survey and here's the statement. If someone is using hate speech or making racially charged comments, physical violence can be justified to prevent this person from espousing their hateful views. 41.3% of the students agreed physical violence can be justified. Okay. 41.3. All right. less than 50% disagreed and about 10% were unsure. I mean this that that's scary. All right. So now what what do we have here? We basically have a situation that the door is opening, darkness is coming in or wickedness is coming in. I mean let let me let me just say this. The number one commandment of the satanic Bible is do what you will. In other words, just break God's laws, disobey God, and the more you do it, the more power you get because they want the door open. They want the power of darkness in them. Well, that that spiritual law applies to everyone. If I'm a believer and I'm walking in disobedience, in other words, if God tells me to forgive as Christ has forgiven me, but I'm not doing it, I'm opening the door because I'm breaking his commandment. I'm going to show this to you. This is crazy. I mean, I saw this in First John. And how many times have I read First John? I I I wish I would have saw saw this when I wrote the bait of Satan because I definitely would have put it in here. But this is kind of a progression. 1 John 2 and 3.

John says, "And we can be sure that we know Jesus if we obey his commands." His commandments. Now, Ardan, say the word commandments. Commandments. because we're going to highlight this word because I want you to notice how this word continues to flow. If someone claims, I know God, I know Jesus Christ, I am a Christian, I am a believer, but doesn't obey God's commands. Say commands, commands, that person's a liar or deceived and is not living in the truth. But those who obey God's word, so in other words, now he's not saying commands, he's saying go obey God's word. Do you know Arton there's over 500 commands in the New Testament? All right. In other words, the Old Testament, we had to obey the commands to have a relationship with God. It proved that we could never do it. But the New Testament, God put his spirit in us. He put his divine nature in us. So now we can obey the commands. Yeah. Right. From our heart. That's why Jesus said in the Old Testament, he had to actually jump in bed with a woman. In the New Testament, just look at a woman and you're breaking the commands because I've given you the ability to do it. Yeah. It was always been that way, but now it's a higher law. Okay? But those who obey God's word truly show how completely they love him. That is how we know we are living in him. So I want you to know, notice this verse three, we can be sure. This is how we sh this is how we're sure we know Jesus Christ. Then in verse five, he says, this is how we know we are living in him by obeying his commands. Right? Those who say they live in God should live their lives as Jesus did. Now listen to verse 7. Dear friends, I am not writing a new commandment. Ardan say commandment. Commandment. I want everybody to be aware of this. I'm not writing a new commandment for you. Rather, it's an old one you have had from the very beginning. This old commandment, what is it? To love one another. Yeah. Is the same message you heard before. Yet it's also new. In other words, Jesus kind of amped it up when he said, "Love one another as I've loved you." And what Jesus did is he was willing to die for us before we ever said, "I'm sorry." He was willing to die for us. Yeah. We're able to forgive. He didn't say, "I'm going to die for you and and you owe reparations." You got to pay me back. Yeah. For what you did to me. No, he freely forgave us. Yeah. Okay. And this is amazing. Yet, it is also new Jesus lived the truth of this commandment. He died for us when we didn't deserve it. Yeah. And you also are living it. For darkness is disappearing and the true light is already sign shining. If anyone claims, so here we are. Somebody's claiming I'm a believer. I am living in the light. I'm following Jesus Christ. I am a believer. But hates a fellow believer. That person is still living in darkness. Wow. So he really believes he's following Jesus. He really believes he's in the light. But he's now now listen to the word hate. He's got a vacuum of love. So in other words, doesn't mean he's angry at the person. Doesn't mean he's rage rage raging mad. Just means he has no love. Okay. But but he has a loveless attitude towards a loveless heart posture towards a fellow believer. That person's still living. Notice it says living in darkness. Anyone who loves a fellow believer is living in the light and does not cause others to stumble. Stop right there. Now wait a minute. Cause others to stumble. So in other words, this person who's truly walking in the love of God is not going to release words. It's not going to release reals. Not going to release podcasts that are going to cause others to stumble. Okay? So, in other words, they're wells of truth. They're releasing rivers of living water. The people that are still offended, still have this loveless heart towards fellow believers. Yeah. Whether it's a former pastor, whether it's somebody who goes to a different church, somebody who father, mother, a father and mother, somebody in the family, right? You are going to cause people to stumble. Yeah. Because now you're releasing tainted waters of bitterness. That's why the Bible says be very careful. There's not a root of bitterness in you of which many become defiled. Defiled means you take something that is good and you make it into rotten. Okay. But anyone who Wait, can we can we just hang on one second? You take anything that is good and you are defiling it. Correct. So I mean I think right there like almost that can be your check on social media that could be your check on these things that you're intaking is if you are sharing something what you perceive out of a good heart but yet it's actually out of offended heart and you think you're fighting injustices you're fighting the things you're fighting the people that disagree with you on it. If you're doing that you could even be sharing correct information but you have defiled correct correct that's thank you. you you you're grabbing it.

So, I remember one time a pastor told me, I I I've been traveling for 36 years already. Yeah. But I'll never forget this. It was this pastor stayed faithful, as far as I know, for years and years. He was older than me at the time. I think he stayed faithful to matter of fact, I'm almost sure he stayed faithful to the very end. And he looked at me and he said, 'John, I just I just don't look at the words that are spoken by guests that I have come into my pulpit. He said, I look at the spirit that is released. He said, I've had men come in and say all the right words, and yet there were real issues in my congregation at for for a couple weeks after they left. And I realized later on finding out there was something major wrong, he was causing my people to basically stumble. Yeah. And he said, I had to address I had to address what was being released. And he said, but it's not just obvious by the words. He said, so as a shepherd of my people, I not only listen to what they say, I listen to what's being released. Yeah. And I'm telling you, there are people that they really believe they're protecting. They're they're but but but they're doing it out of an offended heart. They're doing it out of darkness. So they're causing others to stumble. But now listen to this. But anyone who hates So again, put in a vacuum of love, a fellow believer is still living and walking in darkness. Okay. such thi this is why I I can't even comprehend prejudice. I mean Paul makes this statement there's neither Jew nor Greek but a new creation. It's it's like pre for years and years I've tried to comprehend this. It's like saying you live in a brown house. I live in a blue house. Yeah. I'll have nothing to do with you. Yeah. And and it goes both ways. Mhm. I've stood up in massive congregations that were predominantly a different race of people than me and watched people storm out when they saw I was a white guy. Yeah. I've seen the terrible things that have been done to black people. I've seen the terrible things that are done to Asian people. Yeah. I've seen the things that have been done to people that are Jews, people that are Arabic from the Middle East. And what and what it shows is the fact, do you really understand that you are a new creation? that there's only two races of people on this earth. There's the new creation. Yeah. And there's the lost. That's it. That's what Paul's writing. He's saying there's neither Jew nor Greek. There's there's not Gentile. There's not barbarian. Yeah. But you're all one in Christ. There is the new creation. There is the lost. Yeah. Can I think I'm I'm seeing this being more and more an issue as well. Um because I think obviously younger and younger people are getting social media and they are building up their offenses and building up their understanding of offenses. When I look at my life, I remember I don't think I really battled an offense like a strong strong offense that I had to work through until I was 21. And I look at these kids that are getting it and it's almost like it's breeded into our society nowadays where these kids are getting social media. They're getting the opportunity to be offended with someone that they don't know, with an idea that they don't understand, with no solution for reconciliation to actually take place from when they're about 10 8 years old walking around with their smartphones. And it's almost like this is becoming so much of a cultural norm, right? And everything we're talking about even here to the power of the air. Yes. is is this last part is having been blinded by the darkness. This is leading to spiritual blindness. Yes. Like the the the reality of our day. I really really believe you're right when you're wrong. So, but I'm looking at right now and like my heart is for this generation is we have a generation being raised up with this just being put into their faces and almost it's seeming as it's a normal place but yet they're completely being led into an opportunity to be 100% spiritually blind. And that's scary like that that breaks my heart for this generation of just knowing what they have to navigate. I remember when I walked through off a fence. I was offended with my with a brother for for a whole entire year. And I remember the pain, the frustrations, the hurts, the the constantly feeling like no one knows why it is I'm mad. No one no one like you were so Oh, I was 100% right. I I felt like I felt like I felt like I was 100% right. And everyone I would grab anyone that believed my story. And I just think about that and think about how people will nowadays just take on these offenses that come into them and children will take on these things and what it's doing to this generation. It it just my heart's breaking for that right now. So then you go into first John chapter 3.

Yeah. And and and this is what I didn't realize is this is a continuation. So what commandment does he specifically point out about hating having a vacuum with no love towards a fellow believer? Right? So anyone who continues to live in him will not sin. What is sin? Breaking the commandments of God. Right? But anyone who keeps on sinning really doesn't know who he is. Dear children, don't let anyone deceive you about this. Stop right there. Yeah. What is John doing? He's trying to protect us from the massive offense that Jesus said would occur right before his second coming. So don't let anyone deceive you about this because you know what Jesus' next statement is? Many will be offended, will betray one another, will hate one another. He said, "Then many false prophets will rise up and deceive many." Who are the many they're going to deceive? The many that are offended that have now betrayed each other. Yeah. Well, and we talked about this a couple times ago, and I just want to make sure is that Addison said this is that false prophets in the Bible, they always leverage people's pain. pain and that's that's what that's what uh many false prophets will do. They will take people who are hurt for they don't even know a reason why. And they will leverage. Let me give you an example. Then many false prophets will rise up and deceive many. False prophets are called wolves in sheep's clothing. Not wolves in pastor's clothing, shepherd's clothing, sheep's clothing. Okay, so I'm going to go back to the Charlie Kirk situation. I know this is uh this is toxic. This may trigger, but would you just hear me out? I look at this. A white man kills a white man. This white man that he kills is a father, loves his wife dearly, loves his children, and a outspoken believer. He's made maybe a bad comment. Maybe he has. I mean, and and and and he's made a few that he's made a few comments. I know I've made comments that I wish so much I could strike from the record, but unfortunately they got recorded and I can go back and I can pull up some really stupid comments I made when I was in my 20s. But he makes he makes a comment and now you have a whole group of people that have turned this thing into the loss of a servant of God who preached the gospel on multiple college campuses who loved God who I know I actually spoke in many of his conferences and there were people there were there were many okay people of different nationalities speaking okay they've turned the whole thing into the fact if it's it's it's a race thing, it's a tribal thing.

Yeah. So now I'm asking there's even a clip of a a lady saying like I I agree with I really appreciate the stance he had on things, but the things that he said about this I can't I can't get Why do we talk about that when we've we've had somebody we've had somebody killed. Yeah. Who's a father who's a husband. Yeah. who was doing everything he could to preach the gospel to lost students on college campuses. We don't we don't look at the 99% that he did so beautifully. Yeah. We're focusing on the