TITLE: What Happens RIGHT Before The Anti-Christ Shows Up?
SPEAKER: John Bevere
CHANNEL: John Bevere TV
SOURCE_URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpO9-x6eCqE
PUBLISHED: NA
DURATION_MIN: 0.0
SOURCE_TYPE: sermon
---

People in America right now are trying to remove the laws. A person walks up and puts a knife through a girl's throat who's just sitting. What in the world? We have no laws anymore. When we're not ignorant of his devices, we end up recognizing when he's trying to lead us astray. Satanic Bible, the number one command is do what you will. In other words, do what is right to you. Jesus comes along and says, I've come not to do my will, but the will of him who sent me. What does lawlessness do? It gets the person to think what is good for me is actually evil. and what is evil for me is actually good. To the point we think now God is the one enslaving us. God just says, "Okay, you don't want me. You don't want my ways. I'm just going to leave you to yourself." You go back to the early 1900s, people didn't think about getting divorced because it was against the law. God is the one that says, "I hate divorce." Yet, we got people, Christian people, divorcing because they don't get along. Living together. Prior to 1980, it was against the law to live together in most every state in the United States. Still today in seven states it's technically illegal to live together but they don't enforce it.

So now we're at the point we're really talking about why am I saying all this? Let's just really really drill down here. Okay.

The question is this. What is the secret power of lawlessness? Now, the epistles talk about this. Paul writes to the Thessalonian church. He says the secret power of lawlessness or the King James, the New King James ESV say the mystery of lawlessness. I don't really care for the word mystery because when people hear the word mystery, they think mysterious, you know, a murder mystery or this or that. Well, actually murder mystery would kind of cover it, but it kind of is like uncovering to me the mystery. But I'm saying secret power, which kind of leads to I feel like gives me a completely different definition, which I like and so the translators of the New Living Translation chose to go that way because I think it is really more descriptive. It is a very powerful force lawlessness and it's secret. So we're going to uncover. We're going to expose the let's call it the double agent in the midst.

Yeah. And can I ask you like I think people we even wonder is why is it like cuz you talk about lawlessness so much and I know it's always so pressing on your heart just even reminding people like why is it so important that we focus in on talking about these things because when we understand the Bible says we're not ignorant of Satan's devices. When we're not ignorant of his devices we end up recognizing when he's trying to lead us astray. If you look at the nations of the world, the number one nation in the world as far as knowing their enemy is Israel. Now, you look at Israel, that little tiny country who has neighbors that really don't like that nation and would really wish that nation didn't exist. How have they been able to stand up against these neighbors because they have such good intel? So I look at the same thing when Paul said we should not be ignorant of Satan's devices. So in other words, these means plans. This word devices means plans or schemes. Strategies. So Israel understands the strategy of the nations around them. They're keen to it. All right. We as believers are supposed to be aware of the strategy of the enemy so that we don't get taken by his device.

Yeah, that's really good. And so where does this secret power of lawlessness come? It comes from Paul's letter to the Thessalonian church. And he's actually talking about the catching away of the church. He's talking about the man of sin being revealed. But he says in verse three, "Let no one deceive you by any means for that day." Now, what day are we talking about? The day of the Lord. What is the day of the Lord? We hear about it all through scripture. What's the day of the Lord?

This is the return.

Nope.

Oh,

it is the seven-year tribulation. Okay. Okay. So, the day of the Lord is the seven-year tribulation. And Paul is saying the beginning really like the kickoff of that day. All right. So, that day will not come unless the falling away comes first. Now, this is massive. In the amplified, it actually says those who profess Christianity will literally walk away from their faith.

So the falling away, some people have tried to take this scripture and use it for quote rapture. This is not at all what he's talking about. Anytime this word is used, it's talking a about a departure from the faith. Okay. As we know, Bara did a study, a dep in-depth study, pulled 95,000 people, which most studies are 4 to 5,000 people. And they discovered from 20 the year 2000 to 2020, over 33 million people walked away from the faith. So, are we living in these days? Absolutely. Yeah.

All right. Well, and I think you're highlighting something important because I have a Bara study here and it says 52% of US adults see themselves as sinners. You're talking about people who have walked away from faith. But then of course this study is showing people who just see themselves as sinners, which I think obviously why we're talking so much about lawlessness is if you have 52% of us adults saying that they see themselves as sinners, they need to be aware of the schemes of the enemy that's continuing to make them feel like, man, I every single day it just feels like I'm messing up or I'm doing these things and if you feel like you're messing up and you're doing these things, I want you to stay around because I believe you're going to be greatly encouraged. And I do want to say this that Barna studies these these people were practicing Christians these 33 millions which meant that they prayed on a regular basis. They attended church on a regular basis. Now they are non-believers which means they don't pray at all and they will not go to church and they do not profess their faith. But if they're pushed in the corner really well actually not even that one. They just are unbelievers now. Many of them profess to be agnostic spiritual spiritualists and atheists. This is heartbreaking.

Yeah. And and so he says, "Unless the falling away comes first and the man of sin is revealed, the son of predition who opposes and exalts himself above all that is called God or is that worshiped. So that he sits as God in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." So this is obviously talking about what is called one time in the New Testament the antichrist. He's more called the man of sin, the man of predition, the man of lawlessness. So, do you not remember that when I was still with you, I told you these things? And now you know what is restraining that he may be revealed in his own time. So, there's actually something that's restraining him from coming on the stage. For the mystery, here's our here's our verse. For the mystery of lawlessness is already at work. So before this guy is revealed who is the perfect embodiment embodiment of lawlessness, the mystery of lawless is at work. This is what's pulling millions away from the faith. This is what's causing millions to go cold. This is what's deceiving millions into thinking sin is just okay and it won't hurt me. Only he who now restrains. Now the word he is actually a person or an entity in the original. So it could be it could be the Holy Spirit. It could be the church. It could be something an entity.

Well, and are you saying that that is restraining him? Because I I am confused and I'm curious about this is saying and now you know what this person or entity is restraining that he may be revealed in his own time. So it's his time period, not like how does that work? Not God's time period within that or not.

His own time would be during the day of the Lord. Okay. He's the one that comes and deceives millions or hundreds of millions. So, so it's a day that's basically it's not he's the one who's deciding the day. That's what I think I'm asking.

No, I don't believe he's deciding the day. I believe God is the father because he has the restrainer. Now, I'm going to tell people right now, I believe the church, the body of Christ is that restrainer. If you look at the body of Christ, we are in all constructs of society. What would happen if we remove the body of Christ from education, from from, you know, health care, from government, from prophetic professional athletics? I mean, we would see a very narcissistic world. We would see no more charity organizations, nursing homes, things like that. I mean, we are the church. We're the light of the world. We're the ones that are actually restraining this man from darkness. And if you look at it, there's no such thing as a flash dark. I can't flash something and make darkness go through light. So light is a restrainer. It restrains darkness from taking over. Right? So we I believe the body of Christ because Jesus said we are the light of the world are the one that's we are the ones that that's holding this man back and we're the ones that are supposed to be restraining the secret power of lawlessness.

Interesting. Okay. I just wanted to make sure. Okay. So now the New Living actually says, "For this lawlessness is already at work secretly," which I like the best. which I was going to say because even off of that I think now more than ever I think people are noticing works of like if just speaking very plainly works of evil where it's like how in the world is society even thinking in this way and I think obviously so much of it is we're seeing that there is demonic forces and evil that is at play and when we have almost in so long time period taken the church out of so many different areas whether it's um you know school systems or families or things like that. There's just darkness that has continued to crepe its way in and then when it has been revealed in a magnitude that we've seen recently like of course it's been there and I think we're seeing the spiritual side of things.

You you have just you you've just put in a capsule the whole focus of this podcast. Yeah.

All right. But but but we're going to we're going to methodically work to what you just said. Okay. And we're going to see how that has happened. The coming of the lawless one is according to the working of Satan with all power signs and lying wonders and with all unrighteous deception among those who perish because they did not receive, now this is key, they did not receive the love of the truth. It doesn't say they didn't receive the truth. Those 33 million Americans that walked away from the faith, they received the truth. Problem was they didn't love the truth. Yeah. Jesus said, "Hey, the person that walks in darkness and practices walking in darkness does not come to the truth because the light of the truth will expose that his deeds are evil." So, people that love sin are not going to come to the truth because the truth exposes me. When Adam sins against God, he hides from the presence of God because he doesn't want what he did exposed because God is light in him. There's zero darkness at all.

Yeah. Now Jesus warns four times in Matthew 24. The disciples said, "What's going to be what's it going to be like right before you return?" He said, "Four times." Four times in that one gospel, be careful that you're not deceived. Now, I I have said it for years and years, and I'm going to keep saying the problem with deception is it's deceiving.

It's deceiving. Right? The person who's deceived believes with all their heart they're right when reality they're wrong. They're wrong. Okay? What creates deception? The miss secret power of lawlessness. So Jesus actually makes this statement in Matthew 24:12 talking about our day. He said lawlessness will abound.

Yeah.

So we see this secret power is already at work in society. And not only that, Jesus said it's going to be having such an effect that it's going to abound.

Wow. Now what is the Greek word for lawlessness? It's the Greek word anomia. And it is defined as this. state or condition of being inclined to do what is lawless. That's good. But here's a better definition. Not being submitted to the law of God.

Yeah.

In essence, 1 John 3:4 says sin is lawlessness.

Now, to me, this is fascinating. This is the only time in the Bible we see sin is

Yeah. It doesn't say lawlessness is sin, which is interesting.

Yeah.

So, we say adultery sin. Yeah. Yeah. We say murder sin. We say witchcraft is sin.

Yeah.

The Bible says sin is lawlessness. So in other words, this is sin's definition.

Yeah. Yeah.

Okay.

Uhhuh.

And this is amazing. Now, here's the thing. I remember one day I was praying and I was I was thinking about I was thinking about sin, deception, all this. And the Holy Spirit said something to me. He said, "Son, people have reduced sin down to the big ones."

Yeah. Yeah. the same sex attraction. All these things,

same sex acts.

Yes.

Uh adultery, uh fornication, which is sex before marriage. All these he said, "Son,

Adam didn't

sleep with a prostitute in the garden."

Yeah.

I he simply disobeyed what I told him not to do.

He disobeyed what? Yeah. He He didn't obey what I told him not to do. Right. All right. So the whole root of this lawless thing goes back to the garden.

Mhm.

So so just let me let me develop this. We got the tree of life. We got the tree of the knowledge of good and evil in the garden. What is the tree of life?

It's very simple. God is my creator. He's pure love, perfect love.

All right? And he knows what's good for me and he knows what's bad for me.

So he says just trust me. Just live in what I say and what and you will have what's good for you.

Yeah.

All right. So, I always I always do this story and I got to do it in case somebody's not heard me say it, but when you guys were toddlers, Christmas is a work day for dad, right?

What do I do? I'm your typical dad. I'm building the toys all day. I rip open the box, throw the pieces on the floor, throw the box, the manual over in the corner, and I build the toy. Spend about an hour. To some reason, I'm finished, but there's still five pieces on the floor. I think it's excess. I hit the switch and the thing doesn't work. Now, initially, I'm really angry. I'm angry at the guy who designed the toy, the manufacturer.

He thinks you think he did it wrong.

He gave me a defective toy.

Yeah, it doesn't work.

But it's Christmas. I can't call the 1800 number.

So, what do I do? I go get the instruction manual. This is the guy that designs it.

Mhm.

I deconstruct the toy, reconstruct it. There's not five pieces.

No.

I see. I construct it the way he said to do it.

And now I hit the switch and the thing works.

Mhm.

Okay. That's the tree of life. God says, "I know exactly what's good for you."

Yeah.

I know what will create health in you. What will create life in you? What will create eternal life in you?

Just do this.

Mhm.

Now, what's the tree of the knowledge of good and evil? The Bible says when she saw the tree was good and desirable to make her wise. So, now wait a minute. It doesn't say when she saw the tree was evil and it would make her wicked.

Yeah.

Okay.

Make her wise. Yeah. There's something good. So what is she doing? She is choosing what is good for her outside of what God says.

Yeah.

Now let me show you how the secret power of lawlessness has is is has kept creeping in. It's gone to the point of even gender. David makes the statement that God fearfully and wonderfully made us created us in our mother's womb. Yeah. The Bible says he created them male and female. Okay. He created them. Yeah. Male and female. When you hold up a dress and a pair of jeans in front of a 12-year-old and you say, "Hey, which one are you more drawn to?" You are telling that child to forget the fact that they were fearfully and wonderfully made by their creator in their mother's womb. And you get to choose the gender that's good for you.

Well, and can I ask this because obviously I think we come to expect that from the world. Like I think you you don't need to have those expectations of the world. They're going to do what they think is right in their own mind. But I think what even is more of the problem is you see that there are Christians that are taking scripture and trying to uh morph it to fit their thinking of whether oh hey I can be same-sex attracted I can change my gender. So I feel like, you know, those are two groups of people that we have to kind of acknowledge within this situation because I think obviously one is, yeah, of course you you're away from truth. You don't know what truth is. But then the other one is you're twisting truth. So you're taking the instruction manual that you did have and it's not that you're completely throwing it to the side, but you're actually looking at it and saying, "Well, no, I actually don't think that's the best place for that piece. What if I put it over here?" And you're changing it, which is still wonderfully getting ahead of what we're saying. Sorry.

So in essence, no, in essence, the world is captive by the lawlessness.

Yeah.

But the mystery, the secret power of lawlessness that the B Paul's talking about is creeping into the people of God. This is why Jesus when he says that lawlessness will abound.

And he said because of lawlessness will abound, the love of many will grow cold. The Greek word for love there is agape.

Okay, agape. See, there's four Greek words for love. There's aeros, which is sexual love. Sto, which is the a kind of love. That's like the love people had for Michael Jordan, right? Um then there's um fileo, which is affectionate love. Now, the world has those three.

Yeah.

But agape is the love of God that's shed abroad in a believer's heart. It is the love that Jesus said the world cannot receive.

So when Jesus said lawlessness is going to abound, he's not talking about society.

Yeah.

He's talking about the church because because that lawless is abound abounding, the love of many is going to grow cold. So now we're looking at the word love is agape. the agape, the love of God that's shed abroad in our heart. Yeah. Is growing cold. So yes, you correctly said, "Yeah, but but the world, it's been under lawlessness since the garden."

So in essence, when Adam and Eve choose to do this, they take on a nature of sin or what is sin? It's lawlessness. Yeah.

Okay. So in other words, now they are going to automatically gravitate. They're going to look at what is attractive and it's actually going to be damaging for them.

Does that make sense? It's like looking at arsenic and going, "Oh, that looks wonderful. I want to eat it." Well, we know it's going to kill me. The doctor would an uneducated man. I'm just going to take that and and go, "You know what? That's got a lot of chocolate around it." And just pop it in my mouth. I'm done.

Yeah.

Okay. So God says, "All right, everything they choose is going to look good to them, but it's actually going to destroy them.

And I love them so much, I got to set up laws."

What are these laws? Are they restrictive? Are they for bondage? No. They're to tell us what to do so we don't damage ourselves.

Yeah. So in essence, once mankind sinned and took the nature of sin, laws had to be put in place by God to protect man from themselves.

Okay?

Yeah.

Big big key. So when people say we're preachers of hate because we preach the laws of God, we're actually trying to keep you from building a toy that's not going to work. We're actually trying to keep you from doing this something down the road you're going to regret. It's going to hurt you in the long run even though you don't know it right now.

Yeah.

So God says, I got to tell them. All right. So now you know here they have this nature of death, they gravitate to what's upside down. And so what appears to bring life to a person with this nature of sin actually ends up resulting in death. So this is why Isaiah comes along and writes, "What sorrow?" Now listen to the word sorrow. For those who say that evil is good and good is evil. What does lawlessness do? It gets the person to think what is good for me. What is really good for me, what God knows is good for me is actually evil. And what is evil for me is actually good. So I'm going to end up with sorrow in my life if I don't believe what my creator says is good for me, who is perfect love. So that's why Isaiah says, "Oh, such great sorrow for those who say that evil is good and good is evil. That dark is light and light is dark. That bitter is sweet and sweet is bitter." So in other words, lawlessness gets us to flip everything upside down and we really believe we're right.

And to the point we think now God is the one enslaving us.

Yeah.

This is why Psalm 2:3 says we will free ourselves from slavery to God. these the nations cry out right against the Lord and against his anointed and they cry out and they say we are going to free ourselves from slavery to God. So so the person who's taken by lawlessness who has a nature of sin nature of lawlessness is going to see actually God's laws that actually would end up protecting them in the wrong being bondage and and slavery.

Yeah. Yeah. Can I ask you because obviously going to so many different countries, we have seen the works of God in supernatural ways, right?

And I feel like in obviously the western society, we don't see that. And I and I'm reading right here is understanding like lawlessness leads to a counterfeit Christianity. It's power without purity. It's it it's you're basically, you know, it's what the Bible says is you're rejecting its power. So is it because we have allowed lawlessness to so creep into the western society in a very underlining way that we're not seeing the same same miracles or things that were happening um same moves of gods that happens overseas that we see these people um get to partake in. Is it just because there's been so much lawlessness that has crept in or do you feel like it's kind of something different and we just we are not as spiritually aware of things here as maybe overseas?

I think it's an aspect. Okay, I do think it's an aspect. If you look at um back in the days of Eli and Samuel, the Bible says the word of the Lord was rare and there was no widespread revelation. Well, that's because the leaders of the quote church, I know it was the tabernacle. Yeah. His sons Hoffne and Phineas were committing adultery and taking offerings by force. So the word of the Lord was rare. There's no widespread revelation. Yeah. The power of God was very dim. That's why they could do what they did 90 ft from that holy of holies and not be judged by it. Whereas hund a couple hundred years earlier, Naab and Abahoo just walked in with the irreverence and they were struck dead because the greater the glory, the swifter the judgment.

That's a good point. Okay. I've never actually heard about that. I've never thought about Eli's sons like understanding they weren't just struck dead right there but yet in a different stage.

Why have people lied to preachers? And here's Ananas and Safire who lied to Peter and they are struck down dead.

Okay. Uh because when you bring sin into the presence of the glory, sin is immediately judged.

Okay. Now, this is why God's withheld his glory from us because he doesn't want half of us to fall over dead. M

because when Peter walks out of that meeting, I mean, a man and a wife who came to bring their offering for their typical, you know, church service, they lie about the offering.

Mhm.

Okay. And they both they both fall over dead as soon as they lie. And here Peter walks out of that room and they lay the the sick on the streets.

Yeah.

And just a shadow has to touch them and they're healed.

Now we have people that lie to preachers all the time today and they're not falling over dead. Why is that? Because the glory is not as strong right now as it was in the days of Peter.

Okay.

Well, if you look at Hoffne and Phineas, yeah, they're doing this where it was dim. The power of God was dim. A couple hundred years earlier, the glory of the Lord had manifested in that tabernacle when Moses had everything erected according to the pattern. And they walk in with irreverence. Naab and Abahoo, the first two sons of Aaron, and they fall over dead just because of their irreverence.

Yeah. What would get it to shift though like in this nation in this in this time period is the glory of God being able to be so strong because I'm sure there's tons of people would be like no I want to like I want to be walk

Jesus said I will manifest myself to those who keep my commandments. So in other words go ahead. But well, I was going to ask you, is it the church or is it the church leaders? Cuz obviously you you honed in on Eli's sons, right?

And yet you have here over here Hannah, you have um you have her family that's going on and their reverence for God is very strong from from what it seems like. So you feel like it's the church's large.

So the prophet said like priests, like people, like leader, like people. So if we had leaders that were calling people to godliness and holiness, we would have a church that would walk in godliness and holiness. So you technically are right. It begins with the leaders. That's why the Bible says, "Not let not many of you be teachers, knowing we'll incur a stricter judgment." We literally are the ones that are responsible for not withholding that which is needful. Paul said, "I'm innocent of the blood of all men." Because why, Paul? Because I didn't shun to declare to you the whole council of God.

Yeah.

Today, what's getting us in trouble is we're not preaching holiness. We're not preaching purity. We're not preaching obeying the commands of God. And I'm gonna get into this in a second. I'm gonna show everybody that there are over 500 commands in the New Testament. Yeah. Okay.

Okay.

So well and then can I ask sorry one more question as as we as the body of Christ and what do we do about that when you have leaders because I know you are very much very much aware of authority and the design that God has created for authority. Yeah. And so when you have leaders that are not speaking truth, what does that look like for us as the body of Christ to be able to say like we want our leaders to speak truth? We don't want our leaders to be silent on certain things. We don't we do want our leaders to speak up on things. How do you think people felt when kings went away from the ways of God and the whole nation suffered?

Yeah.

That this is it. I mean, Adam, our our great great forefather disobys God and now look at what we got. Sickness, disease, poverty. We've got wars. We've got strife. So, um, God showed me when I was younger in ministry. He said, "Son, the enemy goes hard after leaders because if the leader, if the leader falls, the people under the leader now are vulnerable and susceptible and they suffer."

And so, sadly, I believe the great move of God begins when we have leaders that will proclaim what God's saying in and walk holy lives. I really believe that with all of my heart.

Yeah. But it's not on You're saying it's not on the body of Christ to call out those leaders.

Is that what you're saying?

It's what now?

You're saying it's not on the body of Christ to call out those leaders cuz that's what I'm I'm

on the body of Christ to pray for those leaders. I never see people that going to leaders. I see leaders going to leaders and bringing a rebuke, but I don't see younger men going to fathers and bringing a re a rebuke. The Bible says they're to treat them as fathers.

Okay. To speak to them as mothers.

Yeah.

And so, um, we we've got to pray. Yeah.

That the leaders of this nation really start becoming bold. And with, um, what happened with Charlie Kirk, I hope it empowers. I look at Paul with the prison guard. He said, "Hey, me being beaten here in prison has actually emboldened the people to preach the word of God with greater passion, greater authority." And I hope the same thing happens. I hope we're waking up in America and realize we as leaders have got to preach the truth and not skirt it thinking we're going to lose people out of our seats in our churches.

Yeah. Well, we might, but we also might see a greater manifestation of his presence that would actually take us.

We actually would.

Yeah. So if you look at what Paul writes to Timothy, this is amazing. We know that the law is good when used correctly.

All right? For the law was not intended for people who do what is right. It was meant for those who are I'm reading straight from 1 Timothy 18-14. The law was for people who are sexually immoral or who practice homosexuality or slave traders, liars, promise breakers, or who do anything else that contradicts wholesome teaching that comes from the glorious good news entrusted to me by our blessed God. You know, Ard and I go to Singapore quite frequently. Singapore, you can walk downtown in the worst parts of town at 2 in the morning and not even be concerned for your life. Want to know why? You steal in Singapore, you lose your hand. M you bring drugs into Singapore, you lose your life. You rape in Singapore, you are hung, you're put to death. Um so you murder in Singapore, you're mur you you're you're executed with the capital punishment. Wow.

So they have very little um crime.

Yeah.

Why? Because they're using the law correctly.

Because people are going to gravitate which is bad to that which is bad for them. without something in place. So the law brings us to the grace of God, which the grace of God changes our nature and empowers us now to be able to keep the law of God out of a willing heart, not out of compulsion.

Yeah. Which is of course the amazing thing of the grace of God because obviously you're saying they're using the law correctly, but like they're using it without there's no grace of and so I don't want people I don't want people to hear that and think like, oh, they're using so we should go back to using the law. This is where I'm going. This is where I'm going right now. People in America right now are trying to remove the laws.

So now you got murder. People who murder somebody literally a person walks up and puts a knife through a girl's throat who's just sitting there on the subway and he's already been arrested 14 times. What in the world? We have no laws anymore. Back in the 60s when I was a young boy, the first thing he committed, he would have been in jail for probably years. That girl would still be alive today. So you see us in Singapore, totally different. They're using the law in a good way. We're not using the law at all.

So what's happening is the Bible says in the days that there was no king, people did what was right in their own eyes. Well, what is right in our own eyes in our fallen state gravitates to what is actually bad for me in the long run. Can I even say this too is that on the Satanic Bible, like this is pretty interesting, but the Satanic Bible, the first thing that it mentions, it says like the first command, number one commandment is do what thou wilt.

Yep. Do as thou wilt.

Now, think about it. Do whatever you will. Jesus comes along and says, not I've come not to do my will, but the will of him who sent me.

The Satanic Bible, the number one command is do what you will. In other words, do what is right to you, whatever pleases you. So in other words, the Satanic Bible is trying to get people to gravitate towards lawlessness so that they end up getting what is not good for them.

All right.

So now with unbelievers, okay, this is amazing. Romans 2:14 and 15 says, "Even the Gentiles who do not have God's written law show that they know his law when they instinctively obey it." So this this is Gentiles. This is unbelievers. even without having heard it. They demonstrate that God's law is written in their hearts for their own conscience and thoughts either accuse them or tell them they are doing right. Okay, so I'm going to go to the complete word study dictionary. It says, "God has placed in our hearts an innate knowledge of what is good and evil. The non-existence of a specific law forbidding an act does not absolve a person from being lawless." So, did you hear that? Mhm.

So, so in other words, we've got this in us. So, even if there's not a written law not to do this, we know inside that it's not right. But Paul had previously come along in Romans chapter 1 and told us how we suppress those laws that are written in our heart. And this is what he says. But God's wrath from heaven is revealed against all sinful wicked people. Now listen to this. Who suppress the truth.

What does suppress mean? hold down.

Yeah.

By their wickedness. In other words, by their lawless behavior, they suppress the truth. All right? In other words, the truth looks very unattractive. The truth looks very much of a bondage type of thing. They know the truth about God because he has made it obvious to them. We just read in Romans 2, right? He is in they instinctively know it because he wrote it in their hearts. They know the truth about God because he's made it obvious to them. That's verse 19, verse 20. They have no excuse for not knowing God and his ways, right? As a result, their minds become dark and confused, claiming to