TITLE: This is Blocking Your Connection with God
SPEAKER: John Bevere
CHANNEL: John Bevere TV
SOURCE_URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghT9zXC3kyQ
PUBLISHED: NA
DURATION_MIN: 0.0
SOURCE_TYPE: sermon
---

If Jesus is not Lord of your entire life, he's not Lord of any part of your life because Jesus will never come into your heart a second place. But you know what God started doing, Ardan? He started exposing the idols in my heart. I didn't know there was idols, but he started exposing them. The very first idol he exposed was we got a church that right now isn't convicted by the fact that I can jump in bed with the world. preachers of old. If you look at Spurgeon and you looked at Wesley and you looked at Whitfield, they confronted the church and said, "Hey, we are called to be separate." But Jezebel comes along and goes, "Oh, it's it's all beautiful. It's all lovely today. We're not saying things about this." And let's face it, in order to become like Jesus, one of us is going to have to change. And I got news for you. It's not Jesus. We're keeping people happy. But are they going off a cliff? Are they going to hear the master one day say to them, "I don't know who you are."

So, we've gotten through three of them and now we come to this church called Thyra Tyra, which happened to be the smallest city of the seven cities, but it gets the longest letter. I was going to say they got the longest letters. They do. I know. It's pretty interesting, isn't it? But anyway, I want I would just read this. Of course, this is a letter to the angel. And all these words are read, which means they are all straight from the mouth of Jesus, to the angel of the church of Thyoty, which would mean the bishop, the overseer, the the pastor. This is a message from the son of God whose eyes are like flames of fire. In other words, I like to say they're like laser beams. In other words, he's about to do some laser surgery on this church. Okay? And he said, um, whose feet are like pu, uh, polished bronze. He said, 'I know all the things you do.' Do you know that five out of the seven churches, he said, I know the things you do, not the things you believe. Today, we've put more emphasis on what we believe rather than what we do. Now, let me let me stress this. Our salvation is not a salvation of works. But but our works are an evidence that we really do have grace. Going even off of what we talked about last time is the toleration of sin and making sure that sin's not coming back into your life. I think a great way to truly see sin not continuing to rule your life is well I mean James says show me your faith without your works I'll show you my faith by my works. Yeah. And there is a verse of scripture that people just if you if you isolate this verse of scripture it will throw some people into a tizzy. But James made this statement. He said in James 1 or uh 2:24 I believe it is or 3:24 he said so you see then a man is justified by works and not by faith only. You you go whoa. I remember I got up in front of a church on a Sunday morning ardent and I read that verse of scripture. This is a really, you know, free relevant and and the Holy Spirit put in my heart. Read James. I I can you go there. James here. I'll I'll go there. James, let's see two I think it's 2:24. Um yeah. Okay. This is New Living Translation. So you see, we are shown to be right with God by what we do, not by faith alone. So what he's making a point of is this. Hey, if you got an electric outlet and you're wondering if there's power in there or not, just put a brand new blow dryer in there. If the blow dryer doesn't work, that means there's no power in the outlet. The evidence that the outlet's got power is the fact that the blow dryer is working. And you can say, "Hey, I'm a Christian. This is what I believe. I believe Jesus died for my sins." But if you're living like the world and you're you're not living a separated life unto him like a beloved betrod bride, uh this is what James is saying. Can I ask this argument because people always say, "Well, I'm not of the world, but I'm in the world." So what does that look like though on a practical standpoint? On a practical standpoint, we are called to be bedside to the world. In other words, we go and minister to them. If you look at Jesus, Jesus controlled the atmosphere where he went into. They they were like, "He he eats with notorious sinners." Yeah. But he was controlling the conversation. I mean, I watched pastors in our day, celebrity pastors, some of them, they would sit there and go to the bars and drink shots with celebrities and and they were like, "Well, I'm I'm befriending them so I can reach them." Well, you're befriending them by getting drunk with them. That's that's that's being of the world. That's not going to the world. You're also watering down your argument or I think your greatest argument of ministering to that person which is the example of your life. Like if they're looking at your life and they're like, "Well, you're a pastor I should look up to, but yet you're taking shots right alongside of me. Why is it do I need to change my life?" Like you're doing the same thing. Why Why would I need. So you're part of a subculture. What's a subculture? A subculture is a is a is a culture that's inside the overall culture. I mean, if you look at it's it's really interesting. If you go back 75 years, United States of America freaked out when two an actor and an actress were in bed together and they weren't married. The whole society of the United States freaked out. Hollywood was scorned because they showed a scene with a in the movie, the husband and wife were married, but the actors weren't married and society freaked out. Now you go 75 years later and we're watching people not even married on movies and they're in bed together and we have believers watching it. What happened? Society moved. the subculture mood because a subculture is a culture within the overall culture. So the question is, are we really not of this world? Are we really citizens of heaven? Or are we part of a subculture that really we've got the identification as Christians? We got the t-shirts of Christians. We got the songs of Christians, but yet we're living no different than the world. And if we're jumping in bed with the world, how are they going to know? They're going to go, "Hey, you want me to be a part of your subculture?" But but but there are there are things that come along with that I really don't want to do. So I don't see any difference with you. So why should I be like you? This is why James says, "Show me your faith without your works. I'll show you my faith by my works." I'll show you the fact that by the way I live, I really have the grace of God in my life. This is the issue here with this church in thy retirey. Okay. Jesus says, and this is amazing. Jesus says to this church, "I know all the things you do." So again, he's looking at not what they believe. He's looking at what they do, how they live. I know all the things you do. I have seen your love, your faith, your service, and your patient endurance. Wow. Okay. These are four big ones. Love, faith, service, and patient endurance. And I can see your constant improvement of all these things. Hold on a minute here. I if if Messenger International staff if Jesus came and spoke to our staff and he looked at Lisa and I and he said, "I see your love, your faith, your patient endurance, and I see your service and the way this staff is serving." And as a matter of fact, they're growing in their love. They're growing in their faith. They're growing in their service and their patient endurance. I'd go, "Yes, yes, yes. I'm so happy our staff is like that. Jesus, you're actually saying that about our staff. But then he goes, I have this complaint against you. And you're like, wait a minute. Breaks. Hold it. Okay. You just said this is this is not a dead church. This is an alive church. They're actually constantly improving in all the key areas of faith. But he says, I have this complaint against you. What's the complaint? Okay, you are permitting. Here's the word tolerance. Okay. When we talked about Pergamin, you're tolerating the the the the doctrine of the nickel. You're tolerating what Balam taught Bailo to do to put a stumbling block in front of Israel Israel to eat things sacrificed to idols and to commit fornication. Right? We got the same thing here. It's the same thing. You are permitting that woman and he says that Jezebel. So he's not saying her name is Jezebel. He's saying that Jezebel. In other words, she's a little bit like, you know, and I want I want to say this, she's a little bit like the woman in First Kings 17 who was so persuasive and able to get Ahab to do what he knew he shouldn't do. Okay, so he's saying you're permitting that woman, that Jezebel, who calls herself a prophet, okay, she is a self-appointed minister. How many people today do we have that have been self-appointed? They get a YouTube channel, they get a following, now I'm self-appointed. Look, Lisa and I, I will never forget, we were serving faithfully in our local church, and God gave a prophetic word to our pastor and said, "John and Lisa, you're supposed to have a ministry that will call people back to the heart of God." And I remember the night he laid hands on us. It was so powerful. And it was in front of 2500 people. We had served faithfully at that church. I look at the Apostle Paul. He and Barnabas were teachers in the church at Antioch. And they were fasting and praying and the Holy Spirit spoke through the eldership of that church. Separate Paul and Barnabas for the work I've called them to do. And they were sent out by the Holy Spirit. We have so many people today that are self-appointing. Okay? They get their YouTube channel. They start preaching. They criticize people or they preach about, you know, all kinds of stuff. And you know Jesus is saying this woman is the same way in the thyroid church. She appointed herself. Well, can I ask this question kind of even going back to what we talked about a couple podcasts ago of the selfappointing um idea that's going on. What would it look like to be, you know, appointed in the right way within a platform in a world where you probably have a lot of young people are like, well, I want to do this, right? And I would love to be self-appointed. What does that look like for me to take the steps? Because we talked about it a couple times ago about um, you know, dealing with the issue of of women preachers and understanding like, hey, regardless of if the woman's preaching or not, the gospel is still going out. So, what does that look like? because I think the repercussions are not so much of the self-appoint uh the self-appoint appointment that happens on the beginning or the repercussions that happens in the beginning but I think it's actually more about the repercussions that happen at the end because I think you have a lot of people that you know they're getting off they're getting off the ground and doing these things but I think what you have probably experienced and seen is that selfappoint self appointment is more detrimental in the long run. All right. So, the Bible says, "Those that are planted in the house of God shall flourish in the courts of our God." First of all, you got to be planted in a local church. And a local church is a church that had somebody that was appointed by their eldership. Okay? So, we Lisa and I, we were we were youth pastors in our church. We were faithful. We served. First of all, we were we were serving in in in a capacity of meeting our pastor's needs the first four and a half years. And then he felt like we were supposed to be youth pastors at this church. And he gave us our blessing. He laid hands on us. We went to another church. We were youth pastors there. And this two different ministers from South Africa came in not knowing each other. And they both called me out of the 11 pastors and they said, "Hey, God is about to separate you and send you forth." Then go prior to that, God had given my senior pastor a vision of us doing what we're doing right now. So there was my senior pastor and two visiting ministers that came in with the all the same words, right? So my senior pastor was like, "Look, this is God. So we're going to send you forth. You work for another five months here and then you are going to develop Messenger International." He didn't know it was going to be called Messenger International, but he said, "You you develop you you start your own ministry," which it was John Ministries. It became John Ministries. Then it became Messenger International. And and so I look at that and I didn't dare. I had actually ministers saying to me, "Hey, John, there's a call in your life. Why don't you just go start a church somewhere? Why don't you just go to the Caribbean and preach and do open air meetings in the Caribbean? And inside I knew there was something wrong with that. Well, I didn't realize it because I wasn't as wellversed in scripture as I am now. Here's the Apostle Paul serving for 11 years knowing that he's got a call on his life to the gentile church. But it wasn't until the elders in that church said, "Hey, separate unto us." The Holy Spirit spoke through him, Paul and Barnabas, for the work I've called them to do. So, the first thing to do is get planted in a church. Get planted in a ministry. I look at you, you're planted in Messenger International. You've been planted here for how many years now has it been? It's over 10 years, isn't it? It's coming. Yeah. Over 10 years. 10 years. Since I was 18. You've been faithful. Mhm. Now, God's put it in the heart of leadership here that, hey, we want you to be able to go out and start ministering at some places. You've been going and it's been very powerful. I believe you're under a protective covering because you're submitted to the authority. Authority is not given to constrict us, uh, constrain us, to put us in bondage. Authority is given to protect us. And I saw the protection of me not jumping out prematurely. I mean, Abraham knew he was supposed to have a baby, but he tried to do it in his own strength after 11 years of waiting. I knew there I was called to ministry, but I already already tried to do it in my own strength and it was a miserable failure. I I felt it was off. It was people weren't getting ministered to. And I'll never forget when God spoke to me. I was reading the Gospel of John, I believe it was. And I was flying to the Philippines trying to birth my own ministry. And I remember seeing the statement. There was a man sent by God whose name was John. And the Holy Spirit spoke to me Ardan. He said, "Do you want to be sent by John Bevere or do you want to be sent by God?" I said, "I want to be sent by God." He said, "That's good because if John Bevere sends John Bevere, John Bevere goes in John Bevere's authority." He said, "If I send John, John goes in my authority." And there has been a comfort in my heart knowing that Lisa and I didn't appoint ourselves to this, that it was our pastor. It was confirmed. I remember when he laid hands on us, Ardan, I felt like 10,000 volts of electricity went through us and both of us went literally almost flying back into into two ushers arms. And we we're on the ground literally just like groaning, birthing something. Something was happening on the inside of us. And that was the beginning of it. And that was 35 years ago. And you know, I look at today and I I think, wow, I look at the lives that have been changed, the fruit, and it's because it's been him that has done it. I didn't go in my authority. Yeah. And so, well, can I can I just say this? Those two things that I feel like I picked up is number one is there's lasting influence that takes place. I do think as you build a platform and a lot of these young people and I I hope there's a lot of young ministers listening to this. As you build a platform that is in your own strength, it will ultimately probably kind of reside with you and it doesn't outgrow or outlive you, which I think I've seen that and I've watched as the expressions of what you and mom have done when you guys have been sent by God. If you're sent by John Bevere, then you're going to end with John Bevere. When you're sent by God, you are building a lasting legacy. So I think that's really good right there what you said. Then also too you said protection and I think that's probably the biggest thing is spiritual covering of making sure that what you are are preaching on what you are ministering on is being protected and oversaw by someone who understands the word of God better than you can and also can be that spiritual covering to help keep you in line to make sure hey your your doctrine's getting swayed a little bit. I need to remind you of what the word of God says. I need to challenge you in this area because that's what's going to help you from that's going to help you finish well. And I think you do have a lot of people that have platforms and and again the the word of God is being preached and I love that. I'm like that's awesome. That's amazing. That's incredible. But make sure building that that appointment of laying on the hands and spiritual covering so that way what you're doing is not being done in vain. So, here's this woman that calls herself a prophet. She appointed herself. Obviously, she's got influence. So, there must be something on her life that gives her that influence. My gift, your gift, anybody's gift that God puts on our life, it works. It's irrevocable. And so, my gift can work whether I'm under obedience to God or whether I'm not. Example, doesn't Balam prophesy, but yet he's in rebellion. Doesn't Jesus say a multitude are going to come to him say, "Lord, we cast out devils in your name. We did miracles in your name." Well, think about it. There were people that received miracles from these self-appointed people, these people who practice lawlessness while they were ministering. That gift was on them. I believe with all my heart that we could have gone out prior to our pastor, our overseers sending us out and we would have borne some fruit because there was a gift on us. But it didn't have that authority of heaven on us. She's obviously got a gift on her life, but she's self-appointed. And when she's self-appointed, now she's getting into error. And what is she doing? She's leading people astray. How is she leading him astray? I guarantee you, she is not looking at the people in this church and going, "Oh, just commit sexual immorality. Just offer things to idols and worship idols." They never would have tolerated in that church. She's doing it in a very seductive way. She's coming along with the fact saying, you know, grace, we are human beings. We have weaknesses. We have challenges. salvation didn't really change us. We're just sinners saved by grace. So, you know what? Don't be concerned. Now, what she's do doing is seducing them. She's drawing them over to go, "Hey, I can actually be involved in idolatry." Now, let's talk about idolatry for a second. Okay, what is idolatry? Idolatry, of course, if you look at it in the Old Testament, they would build statues, they would build these monuments, and they would say they were gods, and they would bow down and worship. But who created the god? It was the person. So, the person knows there is deity because God puts eternity in their heart. So, they create a God who will give them what their flesh desires. In other words, if I want to have great sex with anybody I meet, my god that I build, let's say it's an asterith poem because that won't emphasize illicit sex. I can make that god and that god can tell me, "Hey, go out and have sex with whoever who you want." Okay? So, in essence, we are the ones that make it an idol. We give power to an idol. So, an idol is anything we give our strength to or draw our strength from. It is anything that we put before Jesus. All right? So, idolatry in the Old Testament might have been statues. In the New Testament, Paul said covetousness is idolatry. Why is covetousness idolatry? Because we love the things of this world more than we love Jesus. Okay? So, an idol is anything I love, like, or trust more than I love, like, or trust Jesus. Now, I want to bring you back to when I first got saved. When I first got saved, I'll never ever ever forget this as long as I live. I had left engineering. I had been working for my church for four years. And I went to the Philippines. Remember the same trip when God said, "You send yourself, right?" And I'm going there to minister. And the guy I'm going there with stands up on the first night and now today it's the biggest church in the Philippines. He stands up on the first night and he preaches on the lordship of Jesus. And he said, 'The word Lord appears over 7,000 times in the Bible, the word savior 36. He said, 'If Jesus is not the Lord of your entire life, he's not Lord of any part of your life. He said, because Jesus will never come into your heart as second place. The King of Kings will never come into your heart at second place. And I'm sitting there and I'm going, is he really my Lord? And I'm sitting there going, my head's going, you're crazy. You left a highpaying engineering job four years ago. you've been serving in your church like 70 hours a week. You're crazy." And yet my heart would go, "Judas left everything he had. Judas healed the sick. Judas cleansed the leper lepers. Judas is in hell." And I and I started trembling. I came back home and I got into a room. It was like a 20 by 20 room. And and I put a chair in the middle of the room. The room had nothing in it. It was like a meeting room that was empty. And I walked around that chair for two hours. And I said, "That's the throne of my heart. and I'm not leaving this room until I know your seat on that throne and nothing or no one else. Two hours into it, I collapsed and I I I literally wept for for 30 minutes. I I couldn't stop weeping. I got up and I walked out of that room and changed man. But you know what God started doing, Ardan? He started exposing the idols in my heart. Okay? Now, I didn't know there was idols, but he started exposing them. The very first idol he exposed was golf. Okay? I would get up in Dallas, Texas. Golf courses, public golf courses were so popular. The only way you could get a tea time, you could make your tea time three days in advance is you had to be the first one there. There were those of us who would get to the golf course at 4:30 in the morning and we'd wait until 6 when the pro shop opened up to make our tea time for 3 days later. Okay. So now, not not to play that day. You'd get up at 4:00 a.m. to go just make a tea time. time to play three days later. Okay. Okay. So, now that's dedication. I had a set of golf clubs. I had a very, it was average set of golf clubs stolen out of our garage when they were sto Now, you got to understand, your mom and I were making $18,000 a year. So, we don't have anything extra, right? We don't have any money to buy golf clubs. when they get stolen on my garage, the insurance company comes along and says, "We'll buy you a new set." So, I got a brand new set of clubs. One week later, I'm in church and the Holy Spirit says, "I want you to give your golf clubs to Pastor Matt." It took me four days. Four days. I'm like, "Four days?" I'm like, "If I give these golf clubs away, Lisa will never let me buy another set of golf clubs." I knew if I give these golf scubs away, I'm not playing golf anymore. And I remember four days later, I thought, you know what? I remembered that prayer. I called up Pastor Matt. I said, "Can I come over to your house?" I give him this brand new set of clubs and the bag, everything. And he's like, "Oh my gosh." He was so excited, right? So, I give him the clubs. Two years later, no 18 months later, I'm at church at the parking lot and a guy who used to play on a mini tour said, "God told me to give it all my golf clubs to you." So, he throws in my trunk, I mean, like $3,000 worth of golf golf equipment. And I remember putting in my garage thinking, I'm done with golf. So then about a month later, a pastor came to me and said, "God told me to give you my golf clubs." So he puts his set of golf clubs in my trunk. So now I'm sitting there looking at two sets of golf clubs in my garage. So one day I was out praying. I said, "God, what do I do with this?" He said, "Son, go play golf." He said, "It's not an idol to you anymore." Yeah. He said, "It's recreation to you now." And I look at golf now and millions of dollars have come into the ministry for missions because of golf, right? You know what else was in a in my life? Food. I loved eating. I would eat even when I wasn't hungry because I loved eating. So one day, I'll never forget this as long as I live. I had a favorite cereal. I think it was mucili or something like that. I'm getting ready to pour this kashi mucili whatever it was and the Holy Spirit said son I want you to fast today and I remember going I got a busy Lord I'll fast three days next week and I poured the cereal and ate it and God showed me you couldn't obey me because it's an idol and I remember I was like oh my goodness and he dealt with that one and you know what the third one was I was a big Dallas Cowboys Man, man. I have no idea why. I I have no idea. I have no idea now why. Yeah. I would come home from church. We used to wear suits. My suit would come off. My tie would come off. And I am putting that cowboy game on. And baby, we are eating dinner at halftime or after the game, but we are not eating dinner during this game. If Addison's diaper needed changing, I am not available. I feel like I'm getting convicted. So, I remember I remember um this this one particular day. It was a big game. The Cowboys were playing the Eagles and the winner was going to the playoffs and the loser was was staying home and it it was in the fourth quarter and and and the quarterback back in those days was a guy named Danny White and he was notorious not notorious he was he was renowned for driving the ball down the field in the fourth quarter and just winning the game in the last moment. He was he was like one of those guys. He was this is before Tom Brady ever came along. I mean, we're talking 80s right now. Okay, so um there's 8 minutes left in the game. 8 minutes left. Cowboys are down by four points. Danny's got the ball. He's driving the Cowboys down the field. I am on my feet like I am pacing. I am like I'm going nuts. He's going to drive down. They're going to score a touchdown. They're going to win. They're going to the playoffs. And all of a sudden, the urge came on me to pray. You know, like that burden, pray, pray, pray. Something's wrong. And I remember saying this now, now Lisa's not around. So I go, "Lord, um, there's only eight minutes left. I'll pray. I'll pray when the game's over." And the burden got stronger. And I remember they keep driving. He keeps making first downs. And I'm like, "Okay, God, I'll pray five hours when this game's over. Five hours. I will literally go to my office. I'll pray five f five hours." He keeps going, right? I watch the rest of the game. And they won the game. They did win the game. I go up to my study and I close the door and I'm ready to pray five hours because I get I meant it and the burden's totally gone. And I mean I I I have no burden to pray at all. And I said I dropped my face into the carpet. I'll never forget this. I said, "God, if anybody would have said to me, who's more important to you, the Dallas Cowboys or Jesus?" I would have said, "Jesus is my Lord." I said, "I've just proven. I've just proven. you wanted me to pray and I chose to watch the rest of this game. And you know what he said to me? He said, "I don't want your five hours of sacrifice. I want obedience." And all of a sudden, I realized the Cowboys were out of place. Now, do I watch football games today? Yeah. You and I watch. I love watching a football game with you. And now you're luckily a full-blown still Lions fanboy. But you know what? I'm constantly keeping it in check. Am I am is this out of place? I'm asking myself, what do I do if somebody's comes to my door in need right now? What do I do if God puts it in my heart to pray during this game right now? I'm I've learned nothing is more important. I mean, I enjoy the game of golf, but the game of golf isn't what it used to be. I enjoy pickle ball, but it's not Well, I never it never really was an idol. I look at these things now as recreation refreshment. So what may be an idol to you is not necessarily an idol to me because we're the ones that make it an idol. So what she's doing is she's seducing God's people and saying it's okay. Don't worry about idolatry. Don't worry about separating yourself from the world. She's permitting them. She's teaching them in such a way that I'm allowed to keep my idolatry going. I'm allowed to keep my sexual immorality going. It's all right. pornography. You know, 47% of the men that attend church on a regular basis that are watching pornography have no. So, so in other words, right now the the stats are 60% of the men that turn attend church regularly watch pornography regularly. 47% of those 60%. So, we're talking about 30% of the overall men that attend church. I would think it'd be more. Have no problem with it. Have no problem with it. Wow. So, 60% are actually watching on a. I thought it was 80%. 30%. No, the figures have actually dropped a little, which is good. That's great news. Um, it's great news. Yeah, but 30% have no problem with it. 37. So, what what they they're under the influence of Jezebel. Yeah. Jezebel has influenced them. Hey, you don't need to be concerned about this. It's sexual immorality. Jesus said, you look at a woman to lust after you've committed adultery already in your heart. That's sexual immorality. Okay? And these are married men, a lot of them. Some of them are single men. Doesn't matter if you're married or you're single. Sex is reserved for our wives, okay? Our spouse, our wife. If you're woman, your husband. And God made that a beautiful thing for the covenant of marriage. And all comes along and goes, "Oh, it's it's all beautiful. It's all lovely. It's all wonder." And you know, Hollywood makes it so precious. They they make it so enticing. They also throw it into everything. They throw it into everything. Yeah. Gosh. Yeah. But it replaces an intimacy with your wife, an opportunity. Cuz even that's kind of like everything that you're saying right there is as you're looking at these men that think pornography is completely fine. They're understanding it's what you experienced of, oh, here I'm and watch the end of this Dallas Cowboys game and God's like, "Here's a here's a moment of intimacy that I I want you step away from this game and come over here and have intimacy with me. Have prayer with me." And then yet you missed it and you come back and you're like, "No, I didn't do it." with what with a lot of people why I mean obviously there's a lot of reasons why pornography is detrimental to your marriage. But one of the things too is it's stealing intimacy with your spouse. Yeah. You're you're missing out on opportunities to connect. Um and now there's a lot there's a lot more reasons of why it's wrong. But I'm just saying if there's a very like kind of basic thing of what we're talking about if it's taking away from that intimacy that you have, which is ultimately when we're looking at idolatry with the things of your life that are on the throne of your heart over God, what it's doing is it's stealing from opportunities for you to connect with God on a deeper level. So the problem with this church wasn't Jezebel because Jesus said, "I gave her time to repent, but she doesn't want to turn away from her immorality." So he said, "Hey, she's she's stuck." Okay. What he's addressing is the fact that they're permitting it and tolerating it. Yeah. Which I mean, even he kind of shows us here, she does not wish to repent of her sexual immorality. I think even kind of clearing that up is that she's she's partaking in the sexual immorality. She's seducing them. She's doing these things and he gave her an opportunity. It's not that she's teaching this stuff yet or per se. She's she's partaking in them, right? Like she's leading them straight. Or is she doing both? because he's saying teaching and deceiving my slaves. And then he said, "I I I gave her a chance to repent. She does not wish to repent of her sexual immorality." So he's past dealing with her. Yeah. She's actually addressing the people that are tolerating what she's teaching. Come. So he's he's done. So in other words, which is a scary place to be. So So this is the thing we're dealing with both Pergamum and Thyrotyra. Mhm. That they're tolerating. And I look at