MERGED: 2026-04-07 17:47:53
MERGE NOTES: 4 articles merged from 5 raw blocks

TABLE OF CONTENTS
- EDITORIAL | Don Basham | Page 2
- CO-ORDINATORS REPORT | Eldon Purvis | Page 4
- THE ROOT OF YOUR FAITH | J. William van der Hoeven, B.D. | Page 5
- WORDS | Derek Prince | Page 7
- DISCIPLES PRAYER | Don Flora | Page 9
- OPEN DOORS | Brother Andrew | Page 11
- BREAKING BREAD | Charles Simpson | Page 19
- NEWS BRIEFS | Bob Feller | Page 20
END TABLE OF CONTENTS

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: The Root of Your Faith
AUTHOR: J. William van der Hoeven
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 10-1969
DATE: October 1969
CATEGORIES: Christian living, prophecy
CATEGORY REASONING: The article discusses the spiritual significance of Israel and its impact on Christian faith, drawing connections to biblical prophecy.

CONTENT:

Do not boast brothers and remember, it is not you that supports the root, but the root supports you!

When we come to Israel and to this Holy Land we must know that we stand on the very ground and soil from which Christianity, as we call it today, sprung up. You have been told by your own people and your guide that this is not a country where people visit ancient sites, for in this very land the two great religions of the world were born. Yet I believe that this country is not just the birthplace of two religions but is the very place towards which God directs the attention of the world today. The land of Israel is not only important because we feel its lasting influence upon the history of all men, whether Muslims, Christians or Jews. This Holy Land has a future task. That is why God is drawing the attention of all mankind to the Holy Land both in its historical and eschatological significance.

In many ways our visit to the Holy Land calls forth historical associations and the beautiful memories of our childhood. The Holy Land satisfied a deep emotional need to see and find the things and places we have been taught to love and venerate. And yet pilgrims often get only half or less of that which God wants them to receive in the Holy Land if only the historical significance impresses them.

I therefore want to draw your attention to this verse in Romans 11, where Paul tells us that the Christian faith grows from the root of Israel. He tries to tell them that though they have received this wonderful divine grace, having first been gentiles not accepted by now even knowing the God of Israel, they now know the God of Israel in a very personal way through Jesus Christ. Paul warns them, You may enjoy the splendour and grace of this wonderful realization that you are children of the Most High God, the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, and that you through gentiles are now accepted through the love of Jesus Christ. But never, never forget that the root is bearing you and you will never bear the root! No words could be clearer!

And that is why when we come to Israel we should realize that Israel does not differ from Christianity and the Christian faith, but by historical development. There needs be no difference between a true Christian and a true Jew. Remember that in the first century of Christianity and especially during the first decades, there was no way to become a Christian without becoming a Jew first. All who know church history should know this Jewish nature of Christianity.

The first church was a purely Jewish community. The whole New Testament is a Jewish book! Jesus was a Jew! And if I have people here who tell me I am a Christian and not a Jew or I am a Jew and not a Christian, I say this is nonsense. There is no difference between a true Jew and a true Christian.

Tell me who was the best Christian who ever lived? Jesus! Tell me who was the best Jew that ever lived? Jesus! There is no difference! Only an unfortunate historical development separated the two religions. If we return to the root we know that the root bears us and us gentile Christians.

Our whole wisdom, theology, philosophy and ethics rest upon what Jews told us in the New Testament!

All I inherited as a Christian gentile comes from the root — Jewish believers. We should realize that, for unless we get this in our whole system of thinking, unless we become completely sure of this fact we will always approach Israel with arrogance.

However, wonderful we may think our theology, we must always remember this verse as a clear indication of God’s will. DO NOT BE BOASTFUL, YOU ARE NOT BEARING THE ROOT, THE ROOT IS BEARING YOU! We reason in vain, for unless this becomes part of our theology and part of our mentality, our whole relationship to Israel is done for as a gentle church. We are done for!

And I tell you if Paul is writing to the Christian church that they should put Israel to jealousy, I say: Israel has not had many reasons to be jealous of gentile Christianity. It is high time that we accept the admonition of Paul. May they have something to be jealous of when they see us. Wherever I look, wherever Christianity confronts Israel, whether in the discussions of the World Council of Churches of a certain type of Christian who can think only of one thing when beholding Jerusalem restored to Israel by God, namely trying to tell the Jew as an older brother to do this and to do that, without being in a position to speak like this, this whole arrogant approach of the gentile Christian would fill me with disgust rather than jealousy if I were a Jew.

I also see some Christians confronted daily by the Jews, who I have a wonderful opportunity to show that a Christian is something more than a human being, merely a human being inspired by God and touched by His Spirit to find the way of love. These gentile Christians are the Arab Christians. What a wonderful opportunity they have to love their supposed enemies and show them Christ. WHAT A WONDERFUL OPPORTUNITY they have who say that they have Jesus Christ as their Saviour in their heart, to show that love is the only rule by which they walk. What a wonderful opportunity to show the Jews that what they are able to show could never be weighed...

BOOKS MENTIONED: None
ARTICLE END

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: Words
AUTHOR: Derek Prince
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 10-1969
DATE: October 1969
CATEGORIES: Christian living, spiritual warfare
CATEGORY REASONING: This article explores the significance of words in a Christian's life, emphasizing their spiritual and practical power, aligning with teachings on Christian living and spiritual speech.

CONTENT:

“It’s only words!” - "What is there in words?" - How often we hear people use such expressions as these! And how false they are! The truth is, rather, that it is scarcely possible to estimate the power and significance of words. The faculty of language - that is, the power of expression in words, whether spoken or written - is one of the supreme gifts of God the Creator, to man the creature, whom He formed in His own image and likeness. It is one most important aspect of the likeness between God and man, which is not shared by any creatures of a lower order. Today, after nearly a century of unremitting efforts to prove the theory of evolution, this faculty of language, possessed by man, remains one clear and unchallengeable mark of division between him and the animals, which evolutionists have never been able to remove or to explain. So long as this barrier stands, the theory of evolution can never provide a satisfactory account of the origin of man.

Indissolubly linked with this faculty of language is the faculty of thought and reasoning. If you wish to satisfy yourself of this, analyze the processes of thought that go on in your mind for a short period. You will find that at least eighty per cent of your thinking is done in words. In fact, the more refined and subtle a man’s power of reasoning becomes, the more dependent he becomes upon language as the material of reasoning. The simplest forms of physical sensations and desires - just those things which man shares in common with the animals - can partly be expressed by thought in forms other than language. But as we rise above this level, we find that we have no other means of expression but language. This becomes even plainer, if we include under the term “language” the symbolic systems of logic, mathematics, and music, which are in reality only specialized forms of the same general faculty.

These conclusions about the importance of language, drawn merely from common human experience, are fully confirmed when we consider what God Himself teaches on this subject. The two supreme revelations of Himself, which God has given to man, are the Bible, and Jesus Christ. Upon both of these, divine authority has conferred the title - “the Word of God.” Could anything give to words, as such, a higher importance than this?

The two actual human languages, in which God’s written revelation, the Bible, was first given to man, are Hebrew (and its sister, Aramaic) in the Old Testament, and Greek in the New. There is one particularly significant fact which is common to both these languages. In each of them there is one word - in Hebrew “dabar”, and in Greek “rema” - which can equally accurately be translated either “word” or “thing”. (Only the context can show in each instance which translation is to be preferred, and sometimes it is necessary to translate in both ways to give the full meaning of the original. For, instance, the utterance of Gabriel to Mary, in Luke 1:37, can equally well be translated: “With God nothing shall be impossible”, or “With God no word shall be void of power.” We might perhaps explain this by saying: “Every word of God contains in it the power for its own fulfillment.”)

This peculiarity of Hebrew and Greek, the two languages chosen for divine revelation, is no accident. It illustrates a fundamental principle of divine nature. With God, “words” are “things”. There is no real distinction between the two. “God said, Let there be light: and there was light.” When God spoke the word, “light”, the thing, “light”, came into being. “Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God.” In sober fact, words were the only means which God used to create the whole universe. Words are the material out of which the whole universe is constructed. It is not too much to say, therefore, that in committing to man the faculty of speech, God committed to man His own divine, creative power. No wonder that it remains the supreme distinguishing mark between man and the animals.

The Lord Jesus gave us a further insight into the importance of words, when he said: “Of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh.” That is to say, the first and fullest revelation of the contents of a man’s heart is given in his words. The heart is the origin and well-spring of a man’s whole life (see Proverbs 4:23); but words are the divinely ordained channel through which that life shall flow and find expression. While a man sits silent in my presence, I cannot tell in my senses what is in his heart. But when he speaks, he conveys to my senses, in words, what is in his heart. Words thus break down the barrier between one human heart and another.

It is for this reason that Jesus himself is called “the Word of God”. By our senses we cannot know God, we cannot search or understand the heart and mind of God. Creation - that is, God’s “words” - become “things” - gives us a certain witness of God’s eternal power and Godhead (see Romans 1:20), but it does not fully reveal the heart of God. On the other hand, Jesus, manifested to our senses in human flesh, gives us the full and perfect revelation of the heart of God. Just as a man’s words convey to our senses the invisible thoughts of his heart, so Jesus conveys to our senses the nature of the invisible God. He is, in the deepest sense, the “Word of God” - the perfect expression to our senses of the heart and mind of God, which we could never fully know in any other way. Jesus, the living Word, breaks down the barrier between the heart of God and the heart of man.

The faculty of speech, then, is of divine origin. It is something wonderful and sacred. It is not to be belittled, or misused. Jesus himself repeatedly warned us against this. “By thy words thou shalt be justified, and by thy words thou shalt be condemned.” “Every idle word that man shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment.” “Let your yea be yea, and your nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.” Our words should be sober, accurate, pure, without exaggeration - sacred instruments used for sacred purposes. Idle words - words used in any other way, or for any other purposes - are sins, to be confessed and put away, before God can restore His blessing. It is written of Christ; Grace is poured into thy lips: therefore God hath blessed thee . . . (Psalm 45:2). Of the bride of Christ, the scripture records: “Thy lips are like a thread of scarlet, and thy speech is comely . . . Thy lips, O my spouse, drop as the honeycomb; honey and milk are under thy tongue” (Song of Solomon 4:3,11). To the church Paul exhorts: “Let your speech be always with grace . . .” (Col. 4:6).

Not only does God desire, through faith, to restore to our words grace and purity. He seeks to restore also that authority and dominion, which man held before he fall, but lost through sin. In Job 22:28 it is promised, to the sinner who will meet God’s conditions of repentance and faith: “Thou shalt also decree a thing, and it shall be established unto thee.” That is, the decree of a redeemed sinner shall have the same authority as the decree of the Almighty God. Of Samuel it is written: “The Lord . . . let none of his words fall to the ground.” That is, the words uttered by Samuel so represented the mind and will of God, that they were as sure and effectual as if God had uttered them Himself. Joshua spoke to the sun and moon, and by his spoken words he arrested their course in the heavens for twenty-four hours. Elijah said to Ahab: “As the Lord God of Israel liveth, before whom I stand, there shall not be dew nor rain these years, but according to my word.” It is the sole prerogative of the one true God to control the fall of rain (see Jeremiah 14:22). Yet Elijah declared that the fall both of rain and of dew for a certain period of years - three and a half, the New Testament reveals - would be under the control of his word. By his word he could withhold them, and by his word he could liberate them. Sure enough, for three and a half years no rain or dew fell. Then, by his word - spoken to God in prayer - he liberated them. Thus, in the Old Testament, man controlled, by their words, such manifestations of God’s creative power as the course of the heavenly bodies, and the fall of rain and dew.

In the New Testament, Jesus simply spoke to a fig tree, and it withered from the roots. When his disciples marveled at this, Jesus expressly delegated to them similar, and even greater, authority: “Ye shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if ye shall say unto this mountain, be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; it shall be done. And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive” (Matt. 21:21,22). This double promise includes both words spoken in God in prayer, and words spoken for God in any other way. Thus, it is the express will and purpose of Jesus to invest the words of his believing disciples with the same effective and creative power and authority, that God’s own words possess. If we Christians would cease to despise and misuse these sacred...

Although the forces behind such “propaganda” are spiritual, being expressly called “unclean spirits”, it is always through the lips of men that they must work. Therefore we read, in Psalm 12:4, of men, “who have said, With our tongue will we prevail; our lips are our own: who is lord over us?” (Such men do not know that Satan is lord over them, controlling their lips for his own purposes.) Again, in Psalm 73:8,9: “They are corrupt, and speak wickedly concerning oppression: they speak loftily. They set their mouth against the heavens, and their tongue walketh through the earth.” No modern writer has ever given so few words so vivid and accurate a picture of present day political aims and methods. In truth, the age-long conflict between the powers of light and darkness, in the heavens and on earth, is coming to its climax in our generation; and the supreme instrument, by which the issue is being decided, is — WORDS!

Nevertheless, it is not God’s will that His people should be ineffectual, or defeated. “Know ye not”, says Paul, “that the saints shall rule the world?” Again, “The weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds, casting down imaginations and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ.” It will be seen that the warfare is not in the material, or carnal, realm, but in the realm of the thoughts and the imagination; and the supremely effective weapons which God has committed to us are — WORDS!

There are still the two main directions in which we may turn our words: towards God on man’s behalf, in prayer; or towards man on God’s behalf, in proclamation. The God-ward use of words in prayer is perhaps the greatest task ever committed to man. So often in the past this mighty task has been left to a despised minority. One great purpose of the present outpouring of the Holy Spirit on every section of the church is to bring forth an army of intercessors, willing and able to press the prayer battle to the gates of Satan’s kingdom, and to prove that those gates cannot prevail against the Spirit-empowered, Spirit-directed words of a praying church.

For the use of words man-ward in proclamation, the modern media of mass communication — television, radio, printing — have put at our disposal facilities unknown to any previous generation of Christians. In many cases hitherto the representatives of Satan have shown greater vision and faith in availing themselves of these media, than have the children of God. Yet the Bible tells us: “All things are for your sakes” (2 Cor. 4:15). It is high time for Christians to repent of their lack of vision and faith, and then to wrest these media of mass communication from Satan’s grasp, and to use them for the proclamation and extension of God’s kingdom. Thus we shall fulfill the scripture: “They overcame him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony.”

Finally, remember that in this conflict there can be no neutrality. Jesus said: “He that is not with me is against me; he that gathereth not with me scattereth.” Neither God nor Satan will accept compromise. Either we overcome, or we are overcome. Between these two there is no third course. At the time of the reformation, Luther said: “It is more important to preach the gospel, than to live.” At a later crisis in European history, the English orator, Burke, said: “All that is needed for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.” Both these statements apply with no less force today. Individually, and as a body, we Christians confront the supreme crisis of human history. On whose side are you and your words? Are you gathering with Christ? Or are you scattering?

Derek Prince

BOOKS MENTIONED: None
ARTICLE END

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: The Disciples Prayer
AUTHOR: Don Flora
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 10-1969
DATE: October 1969
CATEGORIES: prayer, discipleship
CATEGORY REASONING: This article teaches on the structure and meaning of the disciples' prayer, offering insights into deeper personal application and understanding.

CONTENT:

In Luke 11, the disciples came to Jesus and asked Him to teach them to pray. Here and in Matthew 6:9-15, is recorded the answer of Jesus. The first point that I want to make is this. The disciples wanted to know how to pray and Jesus is here teaching the disciples to pray.

Jesus said in John 8:31, “If ye continue in my Word, then are ye my disciples indeed.” Do you wonder why I am emphasizing this matter of being a disciple? I do this because Acts 11:26 says, “And the disciples were called Christians first at Antioch.” Do you see? It was the disciples who were called Christians.

I used to think that being saved and following one of man’s systems was enough; but it isn’t. To qualify as a Christian, we have to be an out and out follower of Jesus, no matter where He leads. A disciple is a Christian, and a Christian is a disciple. Nothing more, nothing less.

The so-called Lord’s prayer, then, takes on new meaning. It is a Christian’s prayer, given by the Lord Jesus Himself. If Jesus gave us this prayer, it is because He wanted it answered in our lives. He did not give it to use as a form. 1 John 5:14,15 says, “And this is the confidence that we have in Him, that, if we ask anything according to His Will, He heareth us; and if we know that He hears us, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of Him.”

I believe that the prayer Jesus gave us is according to His will. Then we know that we have the answer. Not will have, but do have the answer.

The first thing He said we should pray for is, “Thy kingdom come.” When is the kingdom of God come in our lives? It is when we are in submission to the King. If we want to be in the kingdom, if we want to be disciples of Jesus, if we want to be called Christians, then we might as well settle our controversies with God right now. Either Jesus is King, or self is king. Either He uses us, or we try to use Him. Submission is the key to the kingdom of God.

He said to pray, “Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven.” Let us get right down to the marrow. Are things really in heaven like they are in your life? Are things really in heaven like they are in your family; Are things really in heaven like they are in your church? Jesus said to pray, “Thy will be done, in earth, as it is in heaven.”

This is not for the children of the world. This is for the children of the King. You can have heaven on earth right now. We are in the world, but not of it. The things of the world belong to Satan, but we are not subject to him. We are subject to our heavenly Father. I want to tell you that earthly circumstances cannot affect the Christian. Just pray, ‘Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven.’

This does not mean the millennial kingdom; this means now. Violence cannot touch the believer. Rapists and robbers cannot touch your children. Those things do not go on in heaven. Some people wonder if sickness is God’s will. Let me ask you, is there sickness in heaven? Is there hunger, poverty, loneliness and mental deficiency there? Of course not!

Deliverance from these things is for the child of the King. It is not for the child of this world. All heavenly things are for the believer in Jesus. Colossians 1:13 says, ‘Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness and hath translated us into the kingdom of His dear Son,’ and II Peter 1:4 . . . ‘having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust.’

We have escaped! We have been translated out from under the authority of Satan, into a heavenly kingdom. Don’t ever let anyone tell you there will be no kingdom until the millennium. The Word of God says that the kingdom of God is within you, or among you. Glory be to King Jesus! I’m a child of the King!

Next, He said to pray, ‘Give us this day our daily bread.’ Let us ask for our daily needs as they arise and not worry about the future. Phillipians 4:6,7 says, “Be careful for nothing; but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God. And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.” If you want the peace of God to keep you and guard you through life, then talk to Him daily about everything.

He said to pray, ‘And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us.’ God forgives us as we forgive others. Jesus said it very plainly in Matthew 6:15, ‘But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.’ If you have something against someone else, then God has something against you.

Matthew 18:34,35 teaches that an unforgiving person will be delivered to the tormentors. That means that we can go demon oppressed if we do not forgive. It is common knowledge that a person with an unforgiving spirit cannot get healed of a sickness. Deliverance and healing, like everything else in the Christian life, comes by faith. Galatians 5:6 teaches that the only thing that availeth is Jesus Christ the faith—faith which worketh by love. If we do not work this faith then our faith will not work; and if our faith will not work, then we cannot get anything from God.

If there is someone who does not know how to forgive, then I have good news for him. The Bible tells us how. Jesus said, in Matthew 5:44, ‘But I say unto you, love your enemies, pray for them that curse you. Do good to them that hate you and pray for them that despitefully use you.’ We have to get down and pray for those who have hurt us and stick with it until we get results.

Let us be reasonable. Do you really think there are gossips in heaven? Do you think there is doctrinal bickering there? Do you think that there are exclusive little groups sitting around in heaven refusing to fellowship with each other? Jesus said to pray, ‘Thy will be done, in earth, as it is in heaven.’

Is there politicking in heaven? Is there conniving there? Do you begin to see what I mean? We do not have to have those things here, either. This one prayer can be used to meet any earthly situation.

Take overcoming bad habits, for instance. Is there swearing in heaven? Is there smoking there? Is there drinking there? Are there drugs or sex problems? No nothing like that goes on in heaven. Then pray, ‘Thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven,’ and mean it. There is deliverance for you here and now from every un-heavenly thing in your life.

The things work! Galatians 1:4 says, ‘Who gave Himself for our sins, that He might deliver us from this present evil world, according to the will of God and our Father.’ It is the will of God that we be delivered from this present evil world. Now we know that when we pray, according to the will of God, that we have what we ask. Therefore, we know that we are delivered from this present evil world. All we have to do is want it. The price has already been paid. Glory to His name. God doesn’t force His will on us, but we can have it if we want it.

Lastly, He said to pray, ‘And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.’ Do you long to get into the ministry? Do you wonder why your present ministry does not enlarge? Let me tell you, there is temptation in the ministry. There is no one Satan would rather overthrow than a minister of the Word of God. But God does not lead us into temptation. If we cannot resist temptation, then God has to limit our ministry.

James 4:7 says, ‘Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil and he will flee from you.’ We have been talking about submitting to God. That is part one. Part two is to resist the devil. You submit and you resist. He did not say to pray to Jesus and the devil will flee from you. The devil will run from you when you resist him. Learn to handle the enemy and God will enlarge your ministry.

REPRINTED FROM: Harvest Time, March-April, 1969

BOOKS MENTIONED: None
ARTICLE END

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: Breaking Bread...
AUTHOR: Rev. Charles Simpson
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 10-1969
DATE: October 1969
CATEGORIES: Christian living, worship, prayer
CATEGORY REASONING: The article explores the symbolic and spiritual meaning of "breaking bread," emphasizing its significance in understanding Jesus' role and nurturing faith, relevant to Christian living and worship practices.

CONTENT:

“And He took bread, and gave thanks, and brake it, and gave unto them . . .” (Luke 22:19) “. . . And they continued daily with one accord breaking bread from house to house.” (Acts 2:46)

From the Gospel of John

Writer: John; Date: 90 A.D. (Approximately); Origin: Ephesus; Theme: 20:31.

SUBJECT: THE WORD IS . . . BREAD, LIFE, LIGHT

1. John 1:1-5

(1) “When all things began, the WORD already was.” (N.E.B.) “The WORD was with GOD and was GOD, and He existed with GOD from the beginning. All creation took place through Him, and none took place without Him. (Phillips) All that came to be alive was alive with His life, and that life was the light of men. (N.E.B.) That light still shines in the darkness, and the darkness has never put it out.” (Phillips)

2. John 1:14
2b. Col. 1:19
3. John 6:35
4. Luke 3:21-22
5. I Cor. 15:22, 45
6. Rom. 5:10

(2) (This is the WORD that became flesh; Jesus Christ, the voice of God. (2b) He is the complete expression and incarnation of God. (3) He is the bread and the cup, (4) blessed of the Father, (5) to give life eternal. All that WERE MADE alive originally were made alive by His life. All that ARE made alive from the curse of sin, are made alive by His life. (6) His life in us continually “SAVES” and delivers us from the curse. The written word ministered by the Spirit becomes the LIVING WORD, building and breathing His life into us. We are saved by His life. That doesn’t mean His example. His example doesn’t save us any more than a picture of a life preserver saves a drowning man. No, it’s the real life preserver that is needed. It is not His example — it is Him that we receive for salvation continually.

7. I John 5:11, 16

(7) “And this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in His Son. He that hath the Son hath life; and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life.” (KJV) Notice the word “hath” appears 5 times in these two verses. The word “life” appears 4 times. Reference to the Son appears 3 times in the two verses. Having (NOW) the Son is having (NOW) life. All Divine Life is in and through Him. And it is all NOW. We will not in some future day receive eternal life. We who have the Son, have Divine Life—NOW!

8. John 1:4-5

(8) “And this life is light.” Consider this scene on the Emmaus road:

9. Luke 24:13-35

(9) Jesus has just risen from the grave. Without being recognized, THE LIVING WORD has joined two disciples as they walk discussing His recent crucifixion.*

* They were not approaching the village to which they were going. He gave the impression that He meant to go on further, but they stopped Him with these words, “Do stay with us. It is nearly evening and soon the day will be over.” So He went indoors to stay with them. Then it happened! While He was sitting at the table with them, He took the loaf, gave thanks, brake it, and passed it to them. Their eyes OPENED wide and they KNEW HIM! But He vanished from their sight. Then said they to each other, “Weren’t our hearts glowing while He was with us on the road, and when He made the Scriptures so plain to us?” (Phillips) Jesus had ministered to them in the Spirit. (10) He had by the Spirit revealed Himself FIRST in the WORD. Then He made their hearts glow with enlightenment. Then He ministered to them in fellowship. As He blessed, brake and gave bread to them, they saw Him present with them. Jesus’ example of ministry ought to be a lesson to all who minister the Word, to seek His presence in the Spirit, to magnify Him in the Word, to impart Him, the Blessed and Broken Bread, enlightening the hearer to see Him present. The natural man cannot receive spiritual insight. (11) The spiritual man must be awakened to be enlightened.

10. Luke 24:29
11. I Cor. 2:9-14

This light has shone since the WORD first spoke. It still shines. And the darkness will never put it out.

BOOKS MENTIONED: None
ARTICLE END
