MERGED: 2026-04-07 17:47:53
MERGE NOTES: 5 articles merged from 5 raw blocks

TABLE OF CONTENTS
- A Body Hast Thou Prepared Me | H.A. Maxwell Whyte | Page Cover
- Editorial | Neil Frank | Page 2 (editorial)
- International News | Bob Feller | Page 2 (editorial)
- Co-Ordinator’s Report | Eldon Purvis | Page 4 (editorial)
- Breaking Bread | Charles Simpson | Page 6
- Why The Tongue | Derek Prince | Page 7
- The Promise Is Unto You | Stanley Frodsham | Page 9
- What to do With What You Have | Don Basham | Page 10
- What Good is it? | Bernard Mumford | Page 14
- God Can... | Len Jones | Page 21
END TABLE OF CONTENTS

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: A Body Hast Thou Prepared Me
AUTHOR: H.A. Maxwell Whyte
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 11-1969
DATE: November 1969
CATEGORIES: Spiritual warfare, kingdom, Christian living
CATEGORY REASONING: This article explores themes of spiritual empowerment and unity within the Body of Christ, focusing on the active manifestation of God's power and presence.

CONTENT:

We are witnessing an outpouring of the Holy Spirit unparalleled in history. The church at large in the past has not been equipped with the power of God to do the work for which God created it. This power alone comes by the baptism in the Spirit which came on the day of Pentecost (Acts 2:4). It is for this reason that God is now pouring out His Spirit upon members of His Church in both Protestant and Roman Catholic sections. There is a renewal in the moribund Protestant Churches, and a revolution in the Roman Catholic Church, but this is not to revive either section, but to bring those who love the Lord with all their heart, soul and strength into a total unity of the Spirit to form ONE BODY which God alone is preparing for the final revelation of Christ to an astonished world.

The Body of Jesus Christ was supernaturally prepared in the womb of the virgin Mary. This body was not normally conceived by the will of man, for in normal conception the fetus is first created in the fallopian tube and then descends into the womb, but God by a supernatural creative act of the Holy Spirit created a fetus right inside the womb, having God entirely as Father and Creator. In due time the Child Christ was born. Truly God had prepared a body for His Son.

We do well to remember, especially those who have grown up in the Historic Churches, that Jesus did not attempt to minister in his body until He received His enduement of power from on high. It was when the Holy Spirit descended in the bodily shape of a dove upon the Head of the Second Person of the Trinity that this conjunction caused the WORD OF GOD to be manifest from heaven. This Word signified that this was God’s beloved Son and that we were to hearken to Him this manifestation of the Trinity approved the Son in the Power of the Spirit. From this time forward Jesus ministered and spoke as no man had previously spoken for the Spirit abode on Him. Let us remind ourselves in all honesty that this same Spirit can also give us power to minister in the same way as He ministered!

All children of God must be born again of the spirit of God and this sets them in the Body of Christ, like the body that God has prepared for His Son on earth today. We so glibly apply this appelation to ‘our church’ without giving any thought as to the purpose of this supernaturally prepared Body. Like the body of Christ was prepared in the womb of Mary, so this body is prepared by supernatural regeneration, not by natural generation; but this body must still be endued with power from on high. The whole concept of the purpose of the church in history has hardly been to reveal Christ through each member to an astonished world! Most members seem to have treated the church as a place of meeting with God, largely around the communion table, and a place to prepare one for heaven. This is hardly the concept of the teachings of Jesus! His disciples were told to preach the gospel, heal the sick, cast out Devils, cleanse the lepers and raise the dead! (Matt. 10:7-8). If the church had always done this the world would be a different place today and higher criticism of the Bible would hardly have had opportunity to be considered. The reason is that although there was a supernaturally prepared body, it had not been empowered for divine service. It was a weak body, not yet prepared for service!

At the beginning of this century God began again to empower His body, and as in the time of Christ upon the earth the clergy did not hear Him gladly—it was common people who heard Him gladly, (Mark 12:37). Thus in general, it has been the established clergy who have opposed God in the present charismatic outpouring of the Spirit, but things are changing, and now we see many of these same clergy, both Protestant and Catholic also receiving the baptism in the Holy Spirit, and as the same Holy Spirit comes upon them as members of His Body, so also the Voice of God is heard from heaven, speaking through their mouths in ‘other tongues’ as the Spirit gives them utterance! This word, whether revealed as ‘tongues’ or prophecy or any other of the gifts of the Spirit, always manifests the Son and magnifies Him as the Saviour, Healer and coming King! The work of the Spirit is only to reveal the Son in the power of the Spirit, and so it will be seen if we look at the subject objectively and honestly, that we cannot manifest the Son of God on earth today through our human bodies, unless we have been empowered with the Spirit as on the day of Pentecost.

This body that God is now preparing in the womb of the world is none other than a body like unto His Son, a coming together of children of God into a complete UNITY, a true ecumenical work of the Spirit of God to reveal His Son only. This is what Paul had in mind no doubt when he wrote, “That he might present it to Himself A GLORIOUS CHURCH, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing; but that it should be Holy and WITHOUT BLEMISH.” (Eph. 5:27)

Let us not easily brush aside what God is doing today! This is the greatest thing that could have happened and a fulfillment of Joel’s prophecy “I will pour out of My Spirit upon ALL FLESH”. This will confound those who say God is dead! This is none other than the church rising from the dead and putting off its grave clothes!

Jesus will yet be manifest to an astonished world through the true anointed Body of Christ.

BOOKS MENTIONED: None
ARTICLE END

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: Breaking Bread
AUTHOR: Rev. Charles Simpson
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 11-1969
DATE: November 1969
CATEGORIES: Worship, Christian living
CATEGORY REASONING: This article discusses biblical insights and teachings around the act of breaking bread, emphasizing theological understanding and spiritual practices.

CONTENT:

“And He took bread, and gave thanks, and brake it, and gave unto them...” (Luke 22:19) “…And they continued daily with one accord breaking bread from house to house.” (Acts 2:46)

Continued from the Gospel of John

SUBJECT: THE WORD IS ... PREFERRED

1. Jn. 1:1-4
(1) Jesus is clearly identified as the Living Word of God, who was made flesh and dwelt among men. (2) His Eternal Name is the WORD OF GOD. (3) He is Life, Light, Creator of all things, and the Fulness of God.

2. Rev. 19:13
3. Col. 1:19
4. Jn. 1:6-9
(4) John the Baptist, was sent from God to bear witness unto Jesus Christ. John the Baptist was NOT “that Light.” (5) He classified himself as the “friend of the Bridegroom.” (6) Herein is the source of much sorrow, too often the “friend of the Bridegroom” receives affection that is due to the Bridegroom alone. John the Baptist was “crystal-clear” at this point. (7) Many came in those days, and shall in these saying that THEY are Christs (anointed ones to deliver people). However, John the Baptist’s testimony was unto the Lordship of Jesus Christ. And so will it be with every true friend of the Bridegroom. (8) Bear in mind that John the Baptist was full of the Holy Ghost from his mother’s womb.

9. Jn. 1:15
(9) “He is preferred before me.” Though John went before Jesus to prepare the way, he made it clear that Jesus was “above all,” and in rank preferred above all. The success and influence of John the Baptist’s ministry is unquestioned. Multitudes came to hear, walking through wilderness for miles. Priests, Levites, Kings, political and religious parties followed his ministry. (10) Yet he said of Jesus, “I am unworthy to unlatch His shoes...” (11) Three times in the chapter John says, “He is preferred.” Then he says, “I declare that this is the Son of God.”

12. Jn. 1:14,18
Jn. 3:16,18
(12) The uniqueness of Jesus Christ is further magnified by the words, “only begotten,” and “He is the prototype of all creation.” Following a clear experience with the Lord Jesus by revelation of the resurrected Christ, John confesses that he is “not worthy to be called an Apostle.” Yet he quickly establishes the priority of Jesus Christ, above all.

BOOKS MENTIONED: None
ARTICLE END

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: Why The Tongue?
AUTHOR: Derek Prince
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 11-1969
DATE: November 1969
CATEGORIES: Christian living, spiritual warfare, prayer
CATEGORY REASONING: This article teaches about the theological significance of speaking in tongues and integrates this with broader themes like spiritual discipline and prayer.

CONTENT:

In recent years there has been renewed emphasis in almost all sections of the Christian church upon the phenomenon of “speaking with other tongues.” Actually, counting verse by verse, there are probably more verses in the New Testament referring directly to speaking with tongues, than there are referring directly to being born again. However, in most sections of the church, the phenomenon of speaking with tongues for many centuries held no significant place either in theory or in practice.

The renewal of emphasis at this time upon speaking with tongues goes side by side with a renewed emphasis upon the experience of “the baptism in the Holy Spirit.” Many Christians are uncertain as to the exact connection between these two experiences. Frequently they ask such questions as these: “Can I have the baptism in the Holy Spirit without speaking with tongues?” “Must I speak with other tongues?”

In seeking to clear up confusion of this kind, it is helpful to begin by establishing three important scriptural facts.

First, the phrase “speaking with other tongues” could more clearly be rendered in modern English “speaking in other languages.” It is of course obvious that a person who has the experience still continues to use the same physical member that he used previously for normal speech, but he speaks a language which he has not learned and does not understand. In modern phraseology, “he uses the same tongue, but speaks a different language.” It is the “language” which changes, not the “tongue.”

Second, no person is ever forced by the Holy Spirit to speak in other tongues against his own will. The Holy Spirit is not a dictator, He is “The Spirit of grace.” He respects human will and personality, and therefore never arbitrarily overrides them. A person will never speak in other tongues by the power of the Holy Spirit unless he himself willingly yields to, and cooperates with, the Holy Spirit.

Third, there is an important logical and scriptural distinction between the following two phenomena: (a) speaking with “another tongue,” or “a new tongue” (where the word “tongue” is in the singular); (b) the gift of various “kinds of tongues” (where the word “tongues” is necessarily in the plural). The primary use of the first phenomenon is to hold direct, private communion with God (see 1 Cor. 14:2, 4). The primary use of the second phenomenon is in “the church” (i.e. the assembled company of believers), as a means of ministering publicly to other believers (see 1 Cor. 12:10, 28). Scripture indicates, and experience confirms, that believers who enjoy the ability to speak with “another tongue” (singular) do not always move on into the ability to minister publicly to other believers with various “kinds of tongues” (plural). In connection with the baptism in the Holy Spirit, we are concerned only with the first phenomenon, whereby the believer speaks with “another tongue,” or “a new tongue” (singular).

Much of the deep-rooted prejudice against speaking with tongues (whether singular or plural) would disappear if we were to reformulate the question that is asked. Normally the question takes the form: “Why tongues?” But really the basic question is: “Why the tongue?” The importance of “tongues” as a spiritual phenomenon depends upon the importance of “the tongue” as a member in the physical body. A careful study of scripture indicates that, among all the members of the physical body, the tongue occupies a position of absolutely unique importance, with potentialities unequaled by those of any other member, both for good and for evil.

The following are some of the ways in which scripture emphasizes the unique importance of the tongue, and thus in turn throws light on the unique significance of speaking with another tongue in connection with the baptism in the Holy Spirit.

1. “Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh” (Matt. 12:34). In more modern language: “When the heart is full, it overflows in speech through the mouth.” This statement of Jesus refers to “the heart” and “the mouth” generally. In other words, it applies as a general principle, to every human being.

In relation to the baptism in the Holy Spirit, speaking with another tongue is not the infilling into the heart, but the outflow from the heart, after it has been filled. There can be no outflow, unless there has been a prior infilling. However, the outflow is the final, objective evidence that the infilling has taken place. Since the infilling is supernatural, the outflow is supernatural also.

2. “If any man offend not in word, the same is a perfect man, and able also to bridle the whole body . . . But the tongue can no man tame; it is an unruly evil, full of deadly poison” (Jam. 3:2, 8). Of all the members of the physical body, the tongue is the hardest to control and capable of doing the greatest harm. If any person is able to exercise complete control over his own tongue, this is sufficient proof that he is able to exercise similar control over all his other physical members. However, without God’s supernatural help, no human being is able thus to control his tongue.

This principle applies to the exhortation of Paul in Rom. 6:13: “Yield yourselves unto God . . . and your members as instruments of righteousness unto God.” Paul here speaks of yielding to God in two successive phases. The first phase is to yield to God your physical “members” as instruments for Him to use as He sees fit. The vital member, without which your yielding is not complete, is the tongue — the “unruly” member — the member which you yourself can never completely control. The yielding of this member is an essential condition of receiving the baptism in the Holy Spirit. To yield your tongue to God in this way implies a greater degree of confidence in God, and a greater degree of surrender to God, than merely to yield to God “yourself” — your will and your personality.

The difference between these two phases of yielding to God may be illustrated by a simple example. Suppose that I am trying to drive a nail into a wall, but I do not have a hammer. I turn to my friend Jim, and say: “Jim, help me to drive in this nail.” In response to my request, Jim comes over and drives in the nail, using his own hammer. Later on, in a similar situation, I turn to my friend Bill, with a similar request. Instead of coming over to do the job for me, Bill tosses his hammer over to me and says: “Here, take my hammer.” I then proceed to drive in the nail myself, using Bill’s hammer just as if it were my own.

A little reflection will show that my friend Bill had greater confidence in me than my friend Jim. Jim was willing to drive in the nail for me, but he retained control over his own hammer. Bill was willing to yield full control over his hammer to me, putting it into my hands and allowing me to use it as I pleased. Jim yielded his will to me, but retained control over his hammer. Bill yielded both his will and his hammer to me, allowing me to use his hammer as if it were my own instrument.

It is this second phase of yielding which brings a believer into the baptism in the Holy Spirit. Such a believer not merely yields his will to God in salvation. He actually yields to God his tongue as an instrument for God to use entirely as if it were His own — even to the extent of speaking in a language which the believer himself does not understand. It is the extra measure of confidence in God, implied by this yielding of the tongue, which brings the believer into a fuller and closer relationship with God.

3. “Behold also the ships, which though they be so great, and are driven of fierce winds, yet are they turned about with a very small rudder, wherever the will of the pilot directs. Even so the tongue is a little member . . .” (James 3:4-5). James here indicates that the tongue exercises a control over human life and destiny, similar to the control which the rudder exercises over the course of a ship. Measured merely by size, the rudder is apparently a small and unimportant part of the ship. Yet it decides the whole course of the ship. Used aright, it directs the ship safely into the harbour. Used wrongly, it causes shipwreck and destruction. The person who controls the rudder controls the whole ship.

The same is true of the human tongue. Although only “a little member,” it decides the whole course of human life. Used aright, it brings a person to life and peace. Used wrongly, it plunges a person to ruin and destruction. “Death and life are in the power of the tongue” (Prov. 18:21). The one who controls the tongue controls the whole person.

Because of the unique importance of the tongue as the “rudder” of the human personality, God’s plan of redemption provides for this rudder a “pilot” of more than human knowledge and skill. This “pilot” is the Holy Spirit. Receiving the baptism in the Holy Spirit culminates in an act by which the believer deliberately commits to the Holy Spirit, as “pilot,” control over the “rudder” which is his tongue.

4. “Therefore my heart is glad, and my glory rejoiceth . . .” (Psa. 16:9). These words of David are quoted by Peter in Acts 2:26 and are applied to the resurrection of Christ. However, where David says “my glory,” Peter says, “my tongue.” Thus scripture, commenting upon scripture, reveals that what David called his “glory” was actually his “tongue.” This in turn throws

BOOKS MENTIONED: None
ARTICLE END

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: What Good Is It?
AUTHOR: Bernard Mumford
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 11-1969
DATE: November 1969
CATEGORIES: Christian living, prayer, spiritual warfare
CATEGORY REASONING: The article examines the role and benefits of glossolalia (speaking in tongues) in Christian practice, emphasizing its scriptural basis and practical implications for personal spiritual growth and effective prayer life.

CONTENT:

Often, the spontaneous response to one who hears or becomes interested in the charismatic renewal with accompanying glossolalia is: “What good is it?” Behind this, usually lay an honest question, for the word “tongues” may force itself upon us as some ecstatic, almost bizarre, experience that is superfluous if not downright injurious to the church and a consistent Christian walk.

Avoiding a polemic as to whether it is for today or not (God is doing it anyway), let us focus our attention on one biblical answer to the question: “What good is it?” Is it gobbledegook? A foreign language without study? An irrational ecstatic utterance for which one gets “worked up”, thereby producing a frenzied state? There are manifold, almost innumerable suggestions — most written by those who have never personally embraced glossolalia and progressed sufficiently in its knowledge and use to write experimentally.

The only innovation at Pentecost (recorded in Acts 2) was the “speaking in tongues as the Spirit gave them utterance”. God used confusion of speech to frustrate the kingdom of men (Genesis 11); why should it seem so strange that He would use the organ of speech, even the tongue of the Spirit to signify the commencement of His own kingdom as a consequence of the death, resurrection and ascension of our glorified Lord? That which was once scattered should now be gathered into an organic, though spiritual, union called the Body of Christ (1 Corinthians 12:13).

The whole of New Testament theology is involved, but permit me to summarize and leave the implications to speak for themselves. An unprejudiced reading of the New Testament will reveal how important the language of the Spirit was to the Church. Bible writers show it to be an important factor in New Testament worship, effectiveness and growth.

Let us remember that Scripturally we do not have a choice as to whether we should embrace the baptism in the Holy Spirit with accompanying glossolalia, for it is one of those rare New Testament commands (Acts 1:4,5). Failure to do so is tantamount to disobedience.

Sin caused man to die spiritually (Genesis 2:17). His spirit was dead in trespasses and sin (Ephesians 2:1). The Lamb had been slain and had ascended. Thus, regeneration was not only possible but was made not applicable by the ministry of the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit breathed upon our spirit, and we experienced Life, regenerated by the very Breath of God.

Jesus said, however, that the Father seeks worshippers who know worship in two ways: in spirit and in truth! Regeneration makes our human spirit live, but it is the baptism in the Holy Spirit that gives our human spirit the divine capacity to worship God, who is Spirit.

We can establish this in Pauline experience from 1 Corinthians 14:2. Please do not confuse the public ministry of tongues (1 Corinthians 12:30) with the private and personal use of tongues as a means of grace in the life of the believer (1 Corinthians 14:2,5 and 14:28). Worship in spirit and in truth is the normal New Testament Christian experience. It is not primarily emotional, although it does produce the subjective but biblical emotions of peace, joy and the reality of Christ’s presence. Paul makes an interesting analogy to the type of worshipper the Father is seeking in 1 Corinthians 14:14 and 15. Paul explains simply the two aspects of a New Testament Christian in his personal worship, praying with my spirit and with my mind. This is applicable, as well, in the realm of singing or spiritual worship since it is very deep and satisfying. God is a Spirit. He must give me the capacity to worship as He desires to be worshipped. God’s biblical self-revelation of what He desires should be compelling to a Bible believing Christian.

Paul’s own testimony (1 Corinthians 14:18), teaching, and example are incontrovertible demonstrations that glossolalia properly understood and exercised is one means of grace provided for us by the benefits of Christ’s atonement on Calvary.

Once, while talking with a theological student, he offered me all the standard arguments against glossolalia. In exasperation, I asked, “How is your prayer life?” Immediately, he was convicted and tears filled his eyes. There was an evident hunger for the reality of the Living God (Psalm 63:1). How well do I know the frustration that can come to one in prayer who has never comprehended nor appropriated the divine enablement of praying in the Spirit. The baptism in the Holy Spirit will change prayer from labor to expectancy! Communion between my spirit and God, who is Spirit, by means of the grace of the Holy Spirit is orthodox theology, but is feared and misunderstood because of the extremes and exhibitionism of the past.

Some would give tongues the place; others would give tongues no place; my plea is that biblical glossolalia be given a place in order that we may comprehend what John 4:24 means experimentally. Jude, in the twentieth verse, is consistent with other New Testament writers by recognizing the value of praying in the Holy Spirit in order to avail ourselves of this biblical and valuable means of grace which results in personal edification.

Oh, the desperate need of the individual believer, the local congregation and the Body of Christ universal to be builded up or edified. This is not selfish. On the contrary, it is only as we personally are edified that we have fresh, living water to share with a perishing generation. Jesus explained it clearly in John 7:38: “Out of your innermost being shall flow…”. Please do not divest this of its biblical application and fulfillment as seen in the unfolding history of the early church. When the well of Living Water began to flow forth from their inner beings, edification, with its consequent effect of joy, persuasion and boldness, followed. This is the basic explanation of why the charismatic renewal is sweeping denominational churches and the universe — the historic Jesus of the Gospel is being made real and very present (John 16:14).

You who have known the miracle of conversion and evidence the biblical fruits of regeneration, ask yourself this question: Do I go to prayer with great hunger and desire to know and experience all God has for me within the confines of redemption as given us in Christ? If so, may I, with all Christian love, ask you to examine carefully the marvelous implications of 1 Corinthians 14:2 coupled with verses 14 and 15? It may be here you will discover how to be that worshipper which God the Father is seeking — one who understands worship in Spirit and worship in truth, a truly balanced life.

BOOKS MENTIONED: - Face Up With A Miracle by Don Basham
- Handbook On Holy Spirit Baptism by Don Basham
- Foundation of Faith by Derek Prince
- Three Messages for Israel by Bob Mumford
- 15 Steps Out by Bob Mumford
- Catholic Pentecostals by Kevin Ranaghan
- Realities by M. Basilea Schlink
ARTICLE END

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: It is not Enough to Believe… God Can…
AUTHOR: Len J. Jones
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 11-1969
DATE: November 1969
CATEGORIES: faith, Christian living, discipleship
CATEGORY REASONING: The article focuses on teaching the principles of different levels of faith as described biblically, emphasizing how believers can deepen their trust in God beyond surface-level belief.

CONTENT:

It is not hard to believe that the “Lord can” — most anyone can believe that: even the “devils believe and tremble.” But you have to go further than that! There are three kinds of faith mentioned in God’s Word.

First there is: LITTLE FAITH  
“Oh ye of little faith” mentioned many times. Little faith believed that the Lord COULD but did not believe that He WOULD. Most people believe that the Lord CAN, and preen their feathers so proudly and smugly and look so pious as they say “I believe God can do that.” Well I suppose it is something to even acknowledge God in this way, but there is more to it than that.

The second kind of faith is: GREAT FAITH  
“Great is thy faith” also mentioned a number of times in the Scriptures. What is “Great faith” which of course is a great step from “Little faith?” They believed that the Lord COULD and different from those of little faith, they believed that the Lord WOULD. When you get this far you have really made progress: Jesus said, “When ye pray believe that the Lord hath . . . .” and James said, “Let him ask in faith, nothing wavering, for he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea, driven with the wind and tossed: let not that man think he shall receive any thing from the Lord.”

To step from “little faith” to “great faith” is one of the greatest steps we will ever be privileged to take.

The third kind of faith is: PERFECT FAITH  
Referring to Abraham it is said “whose faith was made perfect . . . . .” Abraham was told to go to the top of Mount Moriah and offer a sacrifice. Although this sacrifice could well have been Isaac, his son, Abraham said:  
“God will provide Himself a lamb for a burnt offering” (Gen. 22:8).  
Abraham believed that God COULD. Abraham believed that God WOULD. Abraham believed that God HAD. That is “perfect faith.” There are the people who believe not only that God CAN do it and that He WILL do it — they believe He HAS DONE IT.

Faith is a natural faculty as well as a gift of God. We all have faith, for “God has dealt to every man a measure of faith.” We exercise faith every day. We have faith in the man who drives the car in which we ride; the pilot who pilots the plane in which we fly; the steering wheel of our car; the on-coming traffic to keep to their right side of the road; the person who cooks our food; and even the chair upon which we sit. Yes, we are exercising faith almost every moment of the day. It is that same “something” that enables me to trust these things that I now used to believe:

What God says is true and utterly reliable  
So dependable that I can trust my whole life with abandon upon what God says. God is a faith God and works on faith lines. God honors faith, and faith honors God. The fact that Jesus told people to “have faith,” “reproved” them when they did not and “condemned” them when they did is crystal clear proof that there is something we can do about it, for Jesus would never have commanded, reproved and commended if we were helpless in the matter.

The tragedy is that faith is not being exercised today which made Jesus say, “When the son of man cometh shall he find faith on the earth?”

In the Irrigation District of Victoria, Australia, where land is made fertile and productive from the waters of the Murrumbidgee River, it all depends upon the channelling of this water to make the adjoining land profitable.

There is the land just a few hundred yards from the river: 
* All the praying in the world will not make that land productive.
* All the hard work you can give is of no avail.
* All the believing that the waters of the Murrumbidgee are sufficient to meet the need makes no difference.

The farmer has to actually get that water to his land, and when he does everything is changed and transformed overnight.

Our lives are as helpless, unprofitable and unproductive as that barren land. All our working at it makes no difference. All our praying is of little avail apart from leading to guidance. And all our believing in the “Unsearchable riches of Christ” and that all power is His “in heaven and in earth” still means little in itself.

As the farmer has to take of the waters of the Murrumbidgee River to his land to make it profitable, so do our lives have to receive and to draw from and experience Christ’s resources if we are going to be what we ought to be; live as we ought to live; and do what we ought to do.

As the water of the Murrumbidgee river is the very life of the barren land, so the Christian’s one and only responsibility is to let Christ have His way in him and through him. We can’t be good, do what we ought to do and be what we ought to be, but there is someone in us whose name is Jesus Who can be just that. Our part is to let Him:
* “Christ in us is our hope, life and glory.”
* “I live, yet not I but Christ within me.”
* “I labored abundantly more than they all, yet not I but Christ, who worketh in me.”
* “He that is mighty in Peter is mighty in me.”

We can’t bless the world, make right decisions, for our lives are like that worthless land without Christ.

It is time this happened. It is time for the waters of the Murrumbidgee to bring life to the barren land. It is not enough to believe God can — the time has come and now is, for Christ to revolutionise our whole lives, taking out of us anything that should not be there, and putting into our lives anything that should be there.

JESUS TELLS US WHO HE IS  
John 11:25  
Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live.  

John 13:13  
Ye call me Master and Lord: and ye say well; for so I am.  

John 6:35  
And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst.

John 8:23  
And he said unto them, Ye are from beneath; I am from above: ye are of this world; I am not of this world.

John 8:58  
Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am.

John 9:5  
As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world.

John 10:7  
Then said Jesus unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep.

BOOKS MENTIONED: 
ARTICLE END
