MERGED: 2026-04-07 18:22:20
MERGE NOTES: 5 articles merged from 5 raw blocks

TABLE OF CONTENTS
- THE WHOLE CHRIST | Bob Mumford | Page 4
- ARE YOU CONTROLLED BY THE "PARTY SPIRIT?" | DeVern Fromke | Page 8
- THE SONG OF THE CONQUERING KING | Stanley H. Frodsham | Page 10
- CONCERNING SPIRITUAL PRAYER GROUPS | Wayne Conrad | Page 12
- DEATH IS DEATH AND DEATH HURTS | Len J. Jones | Page 14
- "FROM CRIME TO CHRIST" | Editorial | Page 16 [testimonial]
- PERSPECTIVE | Editorial | Page 22
- REVIVAL IN TONGA | Kalafi Moala | Page 20
- THE TRUE GRACE OF GOD (Part I) | Alan Banks | Page 26
- DECEPTION | Kay Oswald | Page 28
END TABLE OF CONTENTS

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: THE WHOLE CHRIST
AUTHOR: Bob Mumford
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 01-1971
DATE: January 1971
CATEGORIES: Christian living, unity, spiritual development
CATEGORY REASONING: This article focuses on understanding Christ in fullness, discussing unity in the Body of Christ and spiritual growth.

CONTENT:

"All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own way; and the Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all."
Isaiah 53:6

I used to think that it was Satan who scattered people, but one day I began to recognize that in Genesis 11 it was God who did it. Men were all in unity at the Tower of Babel. God came, smote them in the mouth, so they could not communicate, and all men went their own way. They did not come together again until Acts 2:1, when "they were all with one accord." This was the greatest miracle. God brought together some from every tribe, tongue, and nation of the world. He smote those disciples in the mouth, and His spiritual Kingdom was initiated in the earth.

God scatters...
Do you know what would happen if sinners could get together in unity? This is why the Communists are fighting amongst themselves. God breaks the unity. He permits no one to come together except when they are purely motivated. This is true in every realm. Scientists, philosophers, doctors, theologians, and denominations cannot agree within their own groups.

For our protection...
I have seen new fellowship groups come together with perfect unity. Everything goes really well until the motivation is not right. Then God breathes on it and scatters them. One says, "I'm going this way." Another says, "I'm going that way." Soon the whole group splits up. When God divides, He divides for our safety and His protection.

Keeping us apart...
God has divided men by mountains, oceans, and languages. He has divided them economically, racially, and in every possible way to keep them from coming together. All these things cause conflict amongst men until the day comes that we come together in Jesus. Then, suddenly, color means nothing; finances mean nothing; education means nothing. We come together in Christ. The only way we can have unity is if we come together with a pure motivation. There are splits and divisions everywhere except where men come together in spiritual unity.

Completely...
So complete is this division that in Matthew 18:20 Jesus said, "If you can just get two or three together in one spirit, I will come." ("In My Name" in the Greek literally means ‘in one soul’). When Christians are ‘one soul’ and believing God it is so pleasing to the Lord that He says, "I, Myself, will be there."

Until we need one another...
God structured the New Testament Church so that we would need each other. He has designed it in such a way that it cannot function except when we are in spiritual unity. I want to show you this from the Word of God. I believe John 16:7 is the crux of understanding the New Testament Church.

"Nevertheless, I tell you the truth: It is important for YOU (His interest was not in them) that I go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto YOU: but if I depart, I will send Him unto YOU."

The Holy Spirit doesn’t just come in some nebulous way. . . He comes to PEOPLE. Jesus said, "When He Comes, He will come to YOU"; and when He came, He didn’t just come to Jerusalem, He came to the 120 people in the upper room. I believe it as He comes to the CHURCH that He will reprove the world of sin, of righteousness and of judgment. It is through HIS CHURCH that this is operative. It is not some kind of mystical thing. . . God coming to a city and making everyone feel bad. It is as we stand and give testimony. It is as Christ is manifested in our lives.

Then He comes...
In John 14:18 Jesus says, "I will not leave you comfortless: I WILL COME TO YOU" . . . "I — ego — MYSELF — will come to you." In verses 14 and 15 of John 16 He explains to His disciples how He is going to come to them. "He (the Holy Spirit) shall glorify Me: for He shall receive of mine and shall shew it unto you."

In verse 16 He says, "A little while and ye shall not see Me." This is easy to understand. In a little while He was going to be crucified, buried, and resurrected, and would ascend into Heaven. "Again, a little while, YE SHALL SEE ME, BECAUSE I GO TO THE FATHER." The disciples said, "What is He talking about? We can’t understand what He is saying."

In His fulness...
I want to share with you what I believe Jesus was meaning when He said, "I will come to you," and "Ye shall see Me." Ten days after Jesus ascended into Heaven came the Descention, or Acts 2, when the Holy Spirit was out-poured. I believe that when Jesus ascended into Heaven the Holy Spirit took all that was in CHRIST and brought to us, the WHOLE CHRIST.

Firstly, His character...
Firstly, we have the CHARACTER of Christ, which is described in Galatians 5:21, 22. Here we have listed the nine fruit of the Spirit. When you met Jesus His character was love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness and temperance. When you met Him, you met a Man that was in self-control; you met a Man that exuded the love of God; you met a Man that was long-suffering. This was His character.

Secondly, His power...
Secondly, there is the POWER of Christ which is described in 1st Corinthians 12:8-10. Here we have listed the nine gifts of the Spirit, which are the word of wisdom, the word of knowledge, faith, healing, miracles, discerning of spirits, tongues, interpretation of tongues, and prophecy. Everything Jesus did on the earth (except, of course, what He did as the Lamb of God) falls under one of these categories. He walked on the water. That was it! It is a gift of miracles. He healed the sick and performed supernatural miracles. Many of these, translated over into the Book of Acts, we see being accomplished under the power of Christ.

Thirdly, His authority...
Thirdly, we have the AUTHORITY of Christ which is described in Ephesians 4:11-13. Here we have listed apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers and evangelists. Hebrews 3:1 says that Jesus is the Apostle of our Faith. He is called the Prophet. He is the Pastor, or the Shepherd. He was the greatest Teacher there ever has been, and He was the Evangelist of evangelists. He is all of these.

The Whole Christ...
When Jesus ascended, the Holy Spirit took all that Jesus was and brought to us. He gave us the WHOLE CHRIST. In other words, it was JESUS who came that day. In Acts 2, it was Jesus who had come to His disciples, and they knew it. Jesus said, "I will come of you."' “Lo, I . . . go . . I, my very self . . . will be with you even unto the end of the age.”

Now it is Christ unlimited...
Jesus said, "It is expedient for you that I go away." Before He ascended, He could only be in one place at one time, but after He ascended, every local church, functioning in scriptural order can say of a truth, "Jesus is here." So that in New Zealand, and Los Angeles, and Hong Kong, at the same time the WHOLE CHRIST can be there.

Not just in part...
Many churches just want part of Christ. For example, there is the "power" group . . . all they want is the power of Christ. Then there are others who say, "We don’t go for that. We just want the love of Christ.” There is nothing more frustrating than to love people and not be able to help them. Some say, "We just evangelize," Others are the "divine order" group, usually with an over-emphasis on apostles. I believe God is restoring the apostolic-prophetic ministry to the Church. I know that there are a lot of strange things that have gone on in this name, but it is true, and I stand for it. We need the apostolic-prophetic ministry badly in our churches. We need real pastors and a teaching ministry, evangelists, and the call of God. But this is only one part of the whole Christ. Most churches that I have ever known make an emphasis on one of these things or the other. But the CHARACTER of Jesus should be in the Church; the POWER of Jesus should be in the Church; the AUTHORITY of Jesus should be in the Church.

But fully unveiled...
I was preaching one time in a church in northern New York when, suddenly, I saw the Lord standing in the aisle with His arms outstretched, looking at me. I saw the gifts of KNOWING, the gifts of DOING, and the gifts of AUTHORITY resident in Him. Healing, miracles and faith were in His Hands, the word of wisdom, the word of knowledge, and discerning of spirits were in His Head, and the authority of Christ was on His Chest. This was where this concept was partly born . . . when I saw the whole Christ. I will never be satisfied with, or settle for, anything less than the whole Christ. Jesus gave us Himself . . . HIS ALL. I don’t want power without love. I don’t want to be filled with love and not have any power to help the people I love. I want patience and longsuffering and goodness, but I also want to know when there is a phony in the midst. I want to see the word of wisdom and the word of knowledge working in others. I want to see this spiritual anarchy that is in the world brought to submission by the apostolic gifts, and the authority of Christ resident in the Church.

Functioning...
Now let us take the next step and understand how the WHOLE CHRIST functions.

It is my conviction more and more that God has designed the Body of Christ so that we need each other. Every member must be involved. There are no spectators. There is a gift and calling for every man and every woman, even the people I don’t like, and to whom I would not give a gift if I were the one dispensing them. In fact, this is where the excitement begins. I used to get so frustrated and say, "Lord, how can you use a man like that!!!?" I had to learn something, and this is what I want to share with you.

Through each member...
In 1 Cor. 12: 7-12 all the words “another” have been translated the same in the English. However, in the Greek there are two words used, "allos" and "heteros", speaking of two different kinds of pe..pie. "Allos" speaks of "those of the same kind”, and “heteros” speaks of “those of a different kind’. This word “heteros” shows us that God divided the gifts, not only amongst those who are of a similar kind and understanding, but also amongst those who are different in make-up and outlook to us. The Lord did this to force us to appreciate one another and to come together in spiritual unity. We need every member of the Body of Christ.

"But the manifestation of the Spirit is given to every man to profit withal" (Everyone that comes to God and is baptized in the Holy Spirit has a place and function in the Body of Christ.) For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the word of knowledge by the same Spirit; to ANOTHER OF A DIFFERENT KIND faith by the same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing by the same Spirit; to another the working of miracles; to another prophecy; to another discerning of spirits; to another DIVERS KINDS of tongues; to another the interpretation of tongues: but all these worketh that one and the selfsame Spirit, dividing to every man severally as HE WILL." (Not as I, personally, will.)

Dividing the gifts and the Truth...
The problem at Corinth was they were scattered, divided. The Lord knows that we will not get along, and because of this knowledge He has divided the gifts of the Spirit. I also believe He has divided the truth. Every denomination has a certain emphasis of truth that this particular aspect needs to be shared and received by the whole Body of Christ. Many of us will not yield to what God is doing because we have gone up a doctrinal branch of the tree.

I was raised in the Armenian background, but when I went on to Kenyan seminary I began to see some of the truth of the sovereignty of God and predestination and many of these things. It was the most healthy thing that happened to me. It brought release to my soul. But, you see, I am not up either of those doctrinal branches. Now I stand between them, all, looking up both branches and saying, "Hallelujah, it is true.” I have come to understand what it means to “feed on the whole counsel of God". Truth has been divided by the Church. I am not ecumenical. I do not believe in one world church or organisation. If I were in one big club I think we are going to have the problems all over again that we have had in the past. I think only God can bring spiritual unity...

BOOKS MENTIONED: 
ARTICLE END

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: ARE YOU CONTROLLED BY THE "PARTY SPIRIT"?
AUTHOR: DeVern Fromke
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 01-1971
DATE: January 1971
CATEGORIES: church, community
CATEGORY REASONING: The article discusses divisions within the church and emphasizes the need for community and unity in Christ.

CONTENT:

In the Corinthian letter Paul seems to show clearly how men are either one with God’s spirit or they are for selfish reasons fostering a party spirit. It becomes obvious that whichever foundation one stands upon determines which spirit he drinks of and is governed by, and determines how he will build. The apostle would remind us that all religious work which is built up by the use of party spirit will in that day — if not sooner — be consumed as mere wood, hay and stubble.

Today how many religious institutions rest upon “another foundation.” They have been built up by emphasizing some nonessential as the basis of fellowship, drawing others into their orbit by cutting them off from fellowship with other believers thus making a schism in the Body of Christ. “It is altogether possible that the truth in Christ is so varied and many sided that no one man or body of people can present it in its full orbed symmetry” (P.E.B.). I can very well understand that God might awaken one man or body of people especially to recover some phase of truth which has been neglected, but for them to continually emphasize that phase as though it were all that really mattered, is to insure division and lopsidedness. The tendency to substitutize that one phase as though it were the whole, to make fellowship rest in a common opinion rather than in a common life, is to set up an idol, to substitute another god for Christ, to begin “another foundation” instead of recognizing THE FOUNDATION.

How easy it is for those who have never experienced identification at the Cross to foster a party spirit and to use it as an instrument by which to build a work which must some day perish in the flames. What is a “party spirit”? It is that which causes men to be more zealous for their own view, for their own vision, for their own methods and their own group than for Christ and the eternal purpose of God.

Let us beware of becoming movement minded! Live unto and for the whole Body of Christ or we will find ourselves stranded upon another foundation. With simplicity of heart, belong to Christ rather than to any man or any emphasis of truth. We may rightly appreciate and give due honor to the individual or church which was the instrument of our salvation and growth in grace, but when we tour for our churches own or hinders our fellowship with God’s true people in any other group, it has gotten in the wrong place, it is to that degree interfering with our fellowship with Christ. God says of His people, “Whosoever toucheth you toucheth the apple of my eye.” When we refuse to fellowship one with whom Christ is in fellowship, we are — in a sense — limiting our full measure of fellowship with Christ.

It is important to remember that we can fellowship individuals as those who share the life of Christ even though we may not find basis for fellowship with (or partake of) the system or other foundation in which they are yoked.

THE FOUNDATION OF THE PARTY SPIRIT

The root of or foundation of the party spirit is always self interest. Any effort to separate a believer or a group of believers from another and draw them into the orbit of my personal leadership or into the orbit of my group is almost always motivated by plain unvarnished private ambition. It is done often with the purpose of enlarging my prestige, ecclesiastical or financial reward. It is sometimes the result of spiritual pride, for it flatters our vanity to bring others to bow down to our theological idols and come under the “spell” of our leadership.

Consider the cost! It is well known that a man can expect no recognition of any kind in many tightly formed groups unless he shows loyalty because they know they will be penalized ecclesiastically if they do not. Thus a great organization is built up and maintained by means of the party spirit. There will certainly be a vast conflagration at the Judgment Seat of Christ, for all religious work which is carried on with a view of self-advantage and private ambition will go up in flames.

The question is raised: How can you build up and hold together a work in a world of so much competition, proselytizing and so many unfair methods, if you do not have something human by which to hold it together? Our answer is this: “All that is held together by anything else than His Spirit or built upon any other than His foundation will fall apart and go to pieces in that day if not before; therefore it is not worth the effort now.

Consider the narrowing effect of the party spirit. The Corinthians were each dividing into little factions, following men and manifesting the “I’m right spirit.” Some emphasized Paul, for they loved teaching and the intellectual diet. Another group gathered around Apollos, for no doubt his oratory and fluency of words stirred them to action. Still another group followed Peter, for his seemingly practical ministry and understanding was more in sympathy with their ups and downs. But there was yet a fourth group who insisted that others were divisive in their interpretations. These proudly insisted: “We are of Christ — you are wrong — we are the only ones who are right, for we follow only Christ.”

Let us admit, that perhaps in principle and doctrine, these who were of Christ seemed to be more right. Yet they were wrong. They fostered a party spirit, in that they were using Christ for their own advantage and strange as it may seem, were building their work on another foundation. Their wrong “I’m right spirit” was proof enough that they were building upon a wrong foundation, that they were not wholly settled upon and living unto the Lord Jesus. When we have truly learned to labor and build with Him, we enjoy watching how the Holy Spirit works. He does not allow us to vindicate ourselves nor establish our own positions. When He takes over we do not need to foster the party or “I’m right spirit,”

Here was Paul’s answer to their party spirit. What narrowness! What foolishness, cutting themselves off from all the others. What foolish acting as babes. How could they glory in mere men? Did they not know that “all things” were theirs and that they all had need mutually in the help of Paul, of Apollos and of Peter?

Even so it comes down to our day — the same party spirit cuts us off from the larger ministry of God’s servants to His Body. Is not Luther ours, and Calvin too, also Wesley and Whitefield as well as Finney and even the pastor down the street in another town? Yes, Paul insists that when we have truly recognized THE FOUNDATION we are able to appreciate and receive every ministry which He has given. We shall live in One Spirit and drink freely from all the wisdom and knowledge that God shares in building His Spiritual House.

The lines are becoming more clearly drawn between that which is “of men” and that which is “of God.” The hour is fast approaching when there will be an increased shaking of everything that can be shaken, “...that those things which cannot be shaken may remain. Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us have grace, whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear.” (Hebrews 12:27 and 28).

Therefore we can expect the testing of our motives. Work that is done with a view to some selfish advantage, advancement, better salary, greater ecclesiastical influence and recognition, social popularity and worldly success is really all of a piece with secular work and one laboring with these motives and better get into secular work altogether. The use of religion, the employment of sacred things to build a secular and private kingdom will surely end in sore judgment. It is true that God has His place for each one to work, and when He is honored as Head He will help them build according to pattern.

“But there is one thing that is primary with God: that is the exaltation and glorification of His Son. He will not be a party to glorifying any individual, any group movement, any body of people or ecclesiastical system apart from Christ. All that God has ordained, all ministries, all gifts, all appointments, all positions, all relationships — all exist solely for THE INCREASE OF CHRIST. No one in a God established order has any position or ministry which is merely official. In the order which God sanctions, there is no ministration of any kind which is given for any other purpose than THE INCREASE OF CHRIST. When any other thing, the lifting up of any other leader, the advantage of any man or set of men comes into the motive, then God is not interested” (P.E.B.).

Finally we are all faced with these questions. What is the hidden motive which governs our life and service? Upon what foundation are we building? What spirit controls us? Are we building wood, hay and stubble or gold, silver and precious stones? There is no in-between. We are either on THE FOUNDATION or seeking to build “other foundations.”

BOOKS MENTIONED: None
ARTICLE END

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: THE SONG OF THE CONQUERING KING
AUTHOR: Stanley Frodsham
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 01-1971
DATE: January 1971
CATEGORIES: Christian living, kingdom, prophecy
CATEGORY REASONING: The article explores the victorious nature of Jesus Christ as presented in Psalms and Revelation, with emphasis on Christian living and future prophecy.

CONTENT:

Our hearts will receive great comfort and new courage if we will constantly read and reread the Psalms.

Psalms 22, 23 and 24 have been called the Psalms of the Cross, the Crook and the Crown. We might also call them the songs of the Saviour, the Shepherd and the Sovereign. We bow before the suffering Saviour in Psalm 22, and there at the foot of the cross we hear the word of Him upon whom our iniquities were laid, “Thy sins are forgiven thee.” We follow the risen Shepherd of Psalm 23 even to the valley of the shadow and beyond. And in Psalm 24 we ascend with the conquering Sovereign to the home of the Father, there to dwell with Him forever.

Let us today, however, confine ourselves largely to Psalm 24. It begins: “The earth is the Lord’s, and the fulness thereof: the world, and they that dwell therein.” The Lord has declared, “All the earth is Mine.” Ex. 19:5. The temporal triumphs of the people who delight in war are like the joys of a hypocrite — but for a moment.

The prophet Asaph tells us in Psalm 73 that he was embittered when he saw the prosperity of the wicked, “until I went in to the sanctuary.” There, in the light of the sanctuary, he caught the vision of the future of the wicked, and cried, “Thou hurtest them to destruction, how they become a desolation in a moment! they are wholly consumed with terrors.” Verses 18 and 19, Masoretic Version.

The Word of God takes us beyond the temporal to the eternal, to the vision of all the kingdoms of the world becoming the kingdoms of our Lord, and of His Christ. It is decreed that “the (the Son of God) shall reign for ever and ever.” Rev. 11:15. Then shall we see that the Psalmist’s words are indeed true, “The earth is the Lord's. . . and they that dwell therein.”

This 24th Psalm was sung on festive occasions by those going in procession up the hill of Zion. A chorus would chant the first two verses and then a chorister would sing out the words, “Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord? or who shall stand in His holy place?”

Then another chorister would answer, “He that hath clean hands, and a pure heart; who hath not lifted up his soul unto vanity, nor sworn deceitfully.”

Turning to Hebrews, the book of Christian Pilgrims, we see it is our joyous privilege to come into mount Zion, to the city of the living God, and heavenly Jerusalem.

What is required as we approach this place of heavenly refuge? Clean hands, clean hearts, clean lips, clean lives. Thank God that we can pray the penitential prayer of Psalm 51:7, “Wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow;” with the assurance that the cleansing blood of the Lamb of God will cleanse us vile sinners through and through and make us stand though we had never sinned. Sprinkled with that precious cleansing blood, we can approach the hill of Zion with boldness and enter into the holy place, there to adore, to worship, to magnify the Lord, our Maker and Redeemer.

The festival chorus would then sing concerning the one whose hands were clean, whose heart was pure: “He shall receive a blessing from the Lord, and righteousness from the God of his salvation. Such is the generation of them that seek after Him, that seek Thy face, even Jacob.” Verses 5 and 6, Masoretic Version.

To the one who has sought the Lord and obtained cleansing, righteousness is given. Yes, even though we may have been Jacobs — supplanters — His transforming grace will change us into Israels — princes with God.

The chorus choir as they were entering the citadel of Zion would sing: “Lift up your heads, O ye gates; and be ye lift up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in.”

They would stop their song and listen as a voice would be heard singing from within the gates, saying, “Who is this King of glory?” Then the choir would ring out with their answer, “The Lord strong and mighty, the Lord mighty in battle.”

The chorus would then sing to the mighty hosts, “The Lord, a mighty one and a hero, the Lord, a hero in battle. Lift up your heads, O ye gates, yea, lift yourselves up, ye ancient doors, that the King of glory may enter in!” Delitzsch’s Translation.

Again the question would be sung from within, “Who is this King of glory?” To which the chorus choir would reply, “The Lord of hosts, He is the King of glory.”

This psalm, we are told, was given to David on the occasion of the Ark being brought to Zion. See II Samuel 6:12–18. That is its historic setting. But there is always more than the historic in all Scripture. When we read the Word of God we do well to ask ourselves two questions, First, how does this apply to me personally? Secondly, what is the prophetic significance of this text?

THE KING OF GLORY

Paul says to the saints, “Know ye not that ye are the temple of God?” I Cor. 3:16. Have the gates of the inner sanctuary been lifted up, to let the Savior, the King of glory, come in to take the throne? not only to come in, but to reign? In the story of Borden of Yale we read that Borden declared: “In my heart there seems to be a cross and a throne. Sometimes Christ is on the cross and I am on the throne. But this must not be. I must be on the cross, the crucified one; and the risen Christ must occupy the throne.” Shall we not let Christ be Lord of all in our lives, and count it a joyful experience to be His willing and loving bondslaves.

Then, the prophetic aspect. In Revelation 19 we see our Lord Jesus — the Word of God — coming forth on a white horse. He is clothed with a vesture dipped in blood. Isaiah foresaw Him thus in vision and put the question to Him, “Wherefore art Thou red in Thy apparel, and Thy garments like him that treadeth in the winefat?” The Son of God replied, “I have trodden the winepress alone; and of the people there was none with me: for I will tread them in Mine anger, and trample them in My fury; and their blood shall be sprinkled upon My garments, and I will stain all My raiment. For the day of vengeance is in Mine heart, and the year of My redeemed is come . . . And I will tread down the people in Mine anger, and make them drunk in My fury, and I will bring down their strength to the earth.” Isa. 63:1–6.

Who can estimate the awfulness of this judgment? The most sensational of all the sensational writers of earth has never conceived anything in the earth as terrible as that which the prophetic Word declares will happen. But Isaiah, the seer,  twenty-six centuries ago foresaw the catastrophe that would come to the earth, and declared, “Behold, the Lord maketh the earth empty, and maketh it waste, and turneth it upside down, and scattereth abroad the inhabitants thereof unburned, and few men left.” Isa. 24:1–6. Read also verses 17 to 20 in this same chapter.

When this catastrophe takes place an invitation will be given to all the birds to come to a great feast — a feast of human flesh. Rev. 19:17 and 18.

As this One upon the white horse, upon whose vesture and thigh is written, “King of kings, and Lord of lords,” returns to the heavenly Zion, followed by His heavenly army, we shall surely hear all those accompanying Him singing the chorus: “Lift up your heads, O ye gates; and be ye lift up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in.”

In response to the inquiry from within, “Who then is this King of glory?” the song will go up from the mighty hosts, “The Lord, a mighty one and a hero, the Lord, a hero in battle. Lift up your heads, O ye gates, yea, lift yourselves up, ye ancient doors, that the King of glory may enter in!” Delitzsch’s Translation.

A few weeks ago the writer was sitting in Zoo Park in Springfield, Missouri, when a couple drove up with their two children. After they had seen all the animals they were returning to their car. One member of the family, a tiny boy of about four, whose legs could not carry him very quickly up the hillside, could not keep up with the others. He cried out in alarm, “O Daddy, don’t you drive off and leave me!” The reply was spoken in a very comforting tone, “Don’t you worry, Son; I won’t.”

Take heart, child of God, though you may be the last, the lowest and the least, if you are truly washed in that all-efficacious, completely-cleansing blood of the Lamb of God, you will not be forgotten of Him, and it will be your privilege to ascend with the Lord of glory to the holy mount of Zion. And it will be your privilege to reign with Him. Christ is the heir of all things, and He will share all things with His own.

When the noise of battle is over, the meek and lowly One, with His meek and lovely ones, will inherit the earth, and they shall delight themselves in the abundance of peace. And the King of heaven and earth has also a place reserved in heaven for His own, a place of joy unspeakable and heavenly glory. Do you know what it is to belong unto Him? If you have not yet done so, do so now: you will know it will be well in the end; you will know it will be with joy for God to dwell in. And it will be the joy of Father, Son and Holy Spirit to share Their all with the redeemed.

BOOKS MENTIONED: None
ARTICLE END

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: Revival in Tonga
AUTHOR: Kalafi Moala
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 01-1971
DATE: January 1971
CATEGORIES: revival, prophecy
CATEGORY REASONING: The article provides an account of spiritual revival in Tonga, emphasizing the role of prophecy and the movement of the Holy Spirit.

CONTENT:

We live in an exciting time. I used to say, “How wonderful to have lived in the days of Wesley, or Luther?” But now I feel that I would prefer to live today than in any former time, even the days when Jesus walked upon earth. God is doing a work today that is so amazing, so tremendous, we can truly thank God for allowing us to be a part of it!

Jesus spoke about “discerning the times.” He said, “How is it you can understand natural signs, but you fail to see what God is doing in your day?” (Luke 12:54-56). Every generation that has lived has had a visitation of God in some way or other. They have had a sign to show what God was desiring to reveal to them. And today God is revealing something to us. God is wanting us to discern our time — let us not miss God's visitation!

GOD VISITED TONGA

I come from Tonga, a group of 180 islands, covering about 270 square miles in the Pacific Ocean, some 2500 miles east of Queensland. The islands have a combined population of about 90,000. I want to relate to you the story of how God poured out his Spirit upon Tonga.

Tonga is mainly Methodist; it was one of the first places in the Pacific to receive the gospel of Christ. When the Methodist missionaries went to Tonga there was a great revival, a tremendous move of the Holy Spirit. Since then the church has progressed, organization, institutional and religion in many cases became a mere form.

But then God, in the last part of 1966, was pleased to send another group of missionaries and once again to pour out his Spirit in a marvellous way. During a period of about three months literally thousands of people gave their lives to Christ; and people in masses received the Pentecostal experience, and were healed of bodily ailments, as God poured out his Spirit. Many Methodist pastors made a first genuine commitment of their lives to Christ, and were filled with the Holy Spirit, speaking with other tongues, during this revival!

PERSONAL TESTIMONY

I graduated from high school in Tonga and went to Auckland, New Zealand. On my first Sunday in Auckland I attended a little suburban Methodist church. It so happened that the minister of the church was Spirit-filled. I had never before heard of the full-gospel; I knew nothing about speaking in tongues; I didn’t know what was different about this man; but I said to myself, “Whatever that man has, I want it!” I went to him after the service and he showed me from the Bible how I could receive this “second blessing.” One text that particularly impressed me was Hebrews 13:8, “Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever!” I began to say to myself, “What Jesus did then, in the gospels, and in the Book of Acts, he can do today, in MY life.”

One night I sat in the church, not aware of anything except that there was a tremendous hunger in my heart and suddenly the Holy Spirit came upon me, and I began to speak in other tongues. On the way home I was like the man in the Book of Acts, “walking, leaping and praising God!”

From that moment I began calling out to God to make it possible for me to go back to Tonga to do share with them what I had received. Little did I know that God had already begun to move among my people!

THE REVIVAL BEGINS

While I was still in New Zealand a group of Fijian missionaries visited Tonga for one day. During this one day trip they went out into the streets and started preaching. Some boys from a Methodist High School listened to these street preachers, and then spoke to them and told about the baptism in the Holy Spirit. These boys, about 12 in number, had formed themselves into a little club, and they had prayed every lunch hour for one whole year, crying out and asking to really bless them and to give them victory in their lives. They had not before heard about Pentecost. But now two of them went to a Methodist church, locked themselves in, and said, “Lord, we are going to stay here until you have given us the power we have seen in those missionaries today!” They began praying at 6 p.m., and by 1 a.m. they were both filled with the Holy Spirit, and speaking in other tongues.

The next day they began to tell everywhere what had happened to them, and within about three weeks almost three quarters of the students at that high school were converted and filled with the Holy Spirit! It was truly miraculous! An amazing move of God!

In the normal way of Tongan life a young person just doesn’t say anything in society — he is expected to keep quiet and listen. But now you could see young teenagers, girls as well as boys, standing on street corners all over the place and preaching their hearts out! This was something I had never seen in my life before. When I returned to Tonga (some months after this outpouring began) I found that my own sister, a 15 year old girl, had been twice suspended from the school for getting people filled with the Holy Spirit!

REMARKABLE EXPERIENCES

On one occasion I went to a hall where about 600 young people, aged 13-19, were packed in. After I had spoken we went into a time of prayer, and all over the hall young people stood up and began to pour out their hearts to the Lord. Some were crying, some came down to the front, and oh! God began to move, and without anybody praying for them the young people began to be filled with the Holy Spirit!

The move continued after the meeting, but it was met with bitter opposition and persecution. We still find today, as Joshua did, that the land flowing with milk and honey also has giants in it. There will be a price to pay if we are to step forward into revival.

We formed ourselves into a youth team, and travelled around from village to village. There were five girls in our team who were beaten up so many times simply because they were Pentecostals that they had to go into the hospital for treatment.

One of our boys had to jump out of a window to escape being murdered. He was praying when two men came in and said, “Here’s a tongues-speaking guy; let’s beat him up!” And they beat him up until he fell to the floor and they kicked him in the face. One of the men got a hammer, and he was just about to smash the Christian when the boy somehow regained consciousness and shot out of the window to save his life.

Many withdrew from the work when they saw these terrible things; but how wonderful it was to see others who held on to God and filled themselves so much with God, and went on in faith!

One Sunday afternoon we had a meeting in a school, attended by around 120 girls. During the service we invited the girls to stand and receive the baptism in the Holy Spirit. We asked them to lift up their hands and to start praying and praising God. Every one of them stood, and for one and-a-half hours they stood as tears and praising of God in other tongues. They also sang in the spirit, in perfect harmony, and several of them prophesied. This was remarkable, because we had not taught them about the gift of prophecy, yet they prophesied with thrilling and actual accuracy!

SIGNS, WONDERS AND MIRACLES

Here is a most wonderful story. A very sick man on one of the outer islands was reading his Bible and praying. He fell asleep and dreamed, and in the dream someone spoke to him and told him to go to the main island where he would meet some people who would pray for him and counsel him about the Lord. So he woke up early in the morning, got into his canoe, and rowed to the main island. He did not reach us until 3:00 in the afternoon; but then he told us his story and we prayed for him. God healed him instantly from all his sickness! Similar experiences happened in many different places.

So there was a great outpouring of the Holy Spirit all over Tonga. Everywhere people were getting stirred up, young people were being expelled from high school for witnessing and preaching, teachers resigned, ministers left their churches and became Pentecostal preachers, and thousands of people felt the impact of the full-gospel message.

Since then this dramatic evangelistic thrust has subsided to a great extent, and now an important work of consolidation is taking place 
— local churches are being established, the people are being taught the Word of God. Many of the young people who four years ago were saved and filled with the Holy Spirit have now spread out as missionaries to the islands of the South Pacific; others are still in Bible School preparing for the day when they too will go forth.

But now I am not going to say to you that what God did in Tonga he can do in Australia. Many times I used to sit down and mediate and say, “God, what you did in the days of Wesley and other great men of old, I pray that you will do it today!” No doubt this prayer is understandable to God; but I am no longer asking God to repeat the work of yesterday. I am expecting that God will move now, in our time, in our situation, in a way that is designed to meet OUR need.

However, we did see two principles operating in Tonga which are true of any time of revival. Firstly, from the very beginning there was a complete repentance and turning away from sin. Without this the young people could never have withstood the fierce persecution. No half-way stance was possible. They either had to stand wholly for Christ, or fall away. Secondly, there was a great atmosphere of faith. The young people went out from village to village, believing God for their provisions, believing God for their accommodation; and God blessed them, for he is a God of faith. May God help you to move out with him ... out of your shelf of circumstances and problems, and to go out in faith and be free!

Revivalist
Transcribed and edited by Ken Chant from a tape-recording of the original address.

BOOKS MENTIONED: 
ARTICLE END

---

ARTICLE START
TITLE: The True Grace of God (Part 1)
AUTHOR: Alan Banks
MAGAZINE: New Wine
ISSUE: 01-1971
DATE: January 1971
CATEGORIES: grace, salvation, justification, Christian living
CATEGORY REASONING: The article provides a detailed theological exposition on the concept of grace and justification, foundational principles of Christian theology and living.

CONTENT:

WHAT IS GRACE?

First of all let us read from God’s eternal Word. Ephesians 2:8, “For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God.”

Romans 4:3-8, “For what saith the scripture? Abraham believed God, and it was counted unto him for righteousness. Now to him that worketh is the reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt. But to him that worketh not, but believeth on Him who justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness. Even as David also describeth the blessedness of the man, unto whom God imputeth righteousness without works, saying, Blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven, and whose sins are covered. Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin.”

Romans 3:24-28, “Being justified freely by His grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus: Whom God has set forth to be a propitiation through faith in His blood, to declare His righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God; To declare, at this time His righteousness: that He might be just, and the justifier of him who believeth in Jesus. Where is boasting then? It is excluded. By what law? of works? Nay: but by the law of faith. Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law.”

Romans 5:1, “Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ.”

We must at the beginning discover what GRACE is. It is God’s boundless love at work in man’s behalf, being favorable toward man who is utterly undeserving. Man is bankrupt, without strength, without help, without hope, without life, completely undone. Only the God whom he has offended can help him.

Law is helpless in that it is weak because of the inability of natural man to obey the law of God. The law can but condemn. It can never put away sin, nor cleanse the sinner, nor make him righteous; therefore can never justify him.

John 1:17, “the law was given by Moses, Grace and Truth came by Jesus Christ.” The Law, though good, was not able to redeem the sinner from his lost estate. Romans 10:4, “Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to everyone who believeth.”

WHAT DOES GRACE DO?

It justifies the sinner. Acts 13:39, “And by Him all who believe are justified from all things, from which you could not be justified by the law of Moses.”

JUSTIFIED — what a tremendous statement! Justification is a legal term. To justify a person does not MAKE him righteous, but it DECLARES him so to be. Justification is in contradistinction to condemnation.

Condemnation recognizes a man’s guilt. To judge a man guilty and condemn him, does not MAKE him an offender, it recognizes the fact that he IS guilty.

Justification recognizes a man’s innocence. Job asks in Job 9:2, “How should a man be just with God?” How can he? This is an impossible situation as far as man is concerned. How can God, a just Judge, declare a man righteous who is guilty?

You who are unsaved, are you insensible to your position before God? John 3:18 states the unsaved to be “condemned already.” You cannot object, for have you not trampled His authority under your feet? Have you not cherished a spirit of enmity against Him? Does not your conscience testify that you have neither obeyed His laws, nor cared whether He was pleased or offended? Have you not rather gratified your own desires, and sought your own pleasures? The death of God’s Son you have deemed unworthy of your consideration, though it was the greatest act of God in your behalf, and the only means of your escape from certain condemnation and destruction.

Romans 8:33, “It is God who justifieth.” To JUSTIFY the sinner is a Divine prerogative, yet not arbitrarily, for then God would condone sin, and so would be a party with man in his sin. God would then cease to be Holy; He then would no longer be God; Satan would be supreme.

Let us ask three questions, and answer them. (1) Whom does God justify? (2) How can God justify a sinner? (3) How can I, a sinner, receive this justification?

Question 1. Whom does God justify? The sinner — ungodly! Romans 4:5, “To him who worketh not, but believeth on Him who justifieth the righteous? the holy? the pious? NO! — the UNGODLY. Jesus said, “I came not to call the righteous, (there are none, only some think they are) but sinners to repentance.” My friend, your best recommendation to God is not your goodness, neither your promise to be good, nor your striving to be good, but the fact that you are a SINNER. Acknowledge it.

Your unworthiness, your utter destitution of any merit, the hopelessness of ever attaining any, leaves you a candidate for God’s mercy, and should cause you to claim the benefit of justification by grace through faith.

Question 2. How can God justify the sinner? Romans 3:24, “Being justified freely by His grace, through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus.” These words, FREELY BY GRACE, assuredly prove that justification is entirely free, GRACE unmixed with any other requirement, such as any human worthiness. Freely means “without cause," not without any human merit.

So read in Romans 5:21, “As sin hath reigned (as king) unto death, even so might GRACE reign (as king) through righteousness unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord.” And, Ephesians 2:8, “For by grace ye are saved through faith, and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God.”

Now let us consider what this means from God’s side. For God to honorably acquit and accept as righteous before the Divine tribunal a guilty sinner, was His problem.

His immaculate holiness and strict justice demand that He can acquit none apart from a complete righteousness, for to do so would not be according to truth; it would be a false and unrighteous sentence.

The only condition of our acceptance with God, is a perfect righteousness. The righteousness by which we are to be justified must be perfect.

God’s demand for righteousness cannot be lightly esteemed on our part, nor will it be set aside by Him. His law will not be abrogated, and because of His very nature, He is absolutely inflexible with regard to the law.

Man cannot give a ransom for his soul; nor can he by taking much soap or nitre effect a cleansing from his sin.

None have kept God’s law, Romans 3:10, “There is none righteous, no, not one.” Romans 3:19, “All the world is become guilty before God.” Therefore the law cannot justify, acquit, liberate, or clear us of guilt. Neither can the law impart life, or righteousness.

Many years ago in France, a man was apprehended for a crime, worthy of death if positive guilt could be proved. Circumstantial evidence was very strong against him, though he constantly affirmed that he was entirely innocent of the crime; but sentence was passed upon him because of the strength of the circumstantial evidence, and he was sentenced to life imprisonment in the Bastille, though no positive proof could be obtained.

For twenty years he languished in the Bastille, all the time declaring his innocence.

After twenty years, another man, upon his death-bed confessed to his guilt of the crime.

The Premier of France immediately set a pardon to the man in the Bastille. However he refused the pardon, saying, “How can I be pardoned for a crime that I did not commit?” His friends immediately arranged for a retrial.

He was therefore brought before the tribunal, and when the court was brought to order and the man brought before the judge, the judge asked as to the accusation against the man.

The prosecuting attorney had nothing to offer; those in the court room were asked as to why the man was brought in, but no one had any accusation to make. The Judge therefore said to the man, “Sir, you are acquitted, there is no sentence standing against you. You may go free!”

That man walked out of the Hall of Justice, not a pardoned criminal, but a man who had not broken the law of France. He was JUSTIFIED. He was declared a righteous man.

And so it is before God, a man must be righteous to be acquitted, that is, justified or declared righteous.

The inexorable Law of God demands a perfect righteousness, yet there is no justification by obedience to the Law of God, or any other law.

Romans 3:20, “Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in His sight.” Galatians 2:16, “Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ, that we might be justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified.”

The curse of a broken law rests on mankind. God’s verdict is, “Condemned already.” DEATH: eternal banishment from God is the sentence. Nothing less; Perfect obedience, perfect righteousness is demanded; that is impossible to man.

How then can God JUSTIFY a SINNER? Praise God, He found a way. By EXCHANGE — by SUBSTITUTION. The Lord Jesus Christ, the perfectly righteous One, became our substitute.

Romans 10:4, “Christ is the end of the law for righteousness.” Romans 5:19, “By the obedience of One (Jesus) shall many be made righteous.” II Corinthians 5:21, “For He (the Father) hath made Him (Jesus, the Son) to be SIN for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in Him.”

Jesus became the thing that God abhorred and hated, and was cursed on the cross. He took our nature, our sin, our guilt, our punishment. So we are free. Believe it!

When we believe — receive Him; we receive in exchange for our sin, the gift of righteousness, nothing less than the righteousness of God. So, we receive a substitute righteousness which is perfect.

But you say Adam was perfect, yet sinned. Will not this righteousness which is imparted to us, be marred by sin? No! for this righteousness, (now ours) has been tested and proved in the person of Jesus Christ.

The righteousness is not imparted to us. This will not change, it cannot be sullied, it is not dependent upon our righteous living, but only upon FAITH in the efficacy of the vicarious sacrifice God offered on Calvary.

Question 3. How can I, a sinner, accept or receive this righteousness, and be justified? In the same manner that one receives any gift. Remember, God’s righteousness is a gift to be received. God requires two steps on our part. Acts 20:21, “REPENTANCE toward God and FAITH toward our Lord Jesus Christ.”

REPENTANCE: It is more than sorrow for sin — that is contrition. It is more than trying to quit sin — that would be only self-reformation, even if that were possible. Repentance is not a negative attitude, but a very positive act? that is, it is TURNING TO GOD. A soldier caught the true significance of repentance when he gave his answer to the question in a soldier's language: “HALT! RIGHT FACE! ABOUT FACE! QUICK MARCH!” That’s it! It is positive. A full surrender of the Will and Life to God, automatically turning one’s back on sin and renouncing it.

FAITH IN OUR LORD JESUS CHRIST. Notice this is faith in a PERSON; not in an organization, no matter how good; and not in just any person, but in just ONE — JESUS! for God’s Word declares, “There is none other name under heaven, given among men, whereby we must be saved.”

Let me illustrate FAITH. To get home I must cross a 20 foot deep swift stream, but how? I cannot jump that far; it is too deep to wade; there is no bridge in sight; but soon I spy a plank that spans the stream. I say, “I believe that plank will hold me.” Is that faith? No, that is supposition, or it might be rotten and break under my weight. So I pick up the end of that plank and find it sound. I say to myself, “I know that it will bear me over.” Is that faith? Again no! That is mere assent to it’s ability to bear my weight. The question is, how can I get across? I must actually walk on the plank, trusting my weight on it, depending on it’s strength. Just so, FAITH in Christ Jesus is not alone being assured in your mind that He is able to save you; that is only mental assent. You must put your whole dependence on the gift of righteousness, substitutionary sacrifice, effected on Calvary, when He died as your substitute. You must give the consent of your will. ▲

Part II continued in the next issue of NEW WINE.

BOOKS MENTIONED: 
ARTICLE END
